artist|song_name|lyrics|genre
taylorswift|Tim McGraw|He said the way my blue eyes shined Put those Georgia stars to shame that night I said, "That's a lie" Just a boy in a Chevy truck That had a tendency of gettin' stuck On back roads at night And I was right there beside him all summer long And then the time we woke up to find that summer gone  But when you think Tim McGraw I hope you think my favorite song The one we danced to all night long The moon like a spotlight on the lake When you think happiness I hope you think that little black dress Think of my head on your chest And my old faded blue jeans When you think Tim McGraw I hope you think of me  September saw a month of tears And thankin' God that you weren't here To see me like that But in a box beneath my bed Is a letter that you never read From three summers back It's hard not to find it all a little bitter sweet And lookin' back on all of that, it's nice to believe  When you think Tim McGraw I hope you think my favorite song The one we danced to all night long The moon like a spotlight on the lake When you think happiness I hope you think that little black dress Think of my head on your chest And my old faded blue jeans When you think Tim McGraw I hope you think of me  And I'm back for the first time since then I'm standin' on your street And there's a letter left on your doorstep And the first thing that you'll read is:  When you think Tim McGraw I hope you think my favorite song Someday you'll turn your radio on I hope it takes you back to that place When you think happiness I hope you think that little black dress Think of my head on your chest And my old faded blue jeans When you think Tim McGraw I hope you think of me  Oh, think of me Mmmm  He said the way my blue eyes shined Put those Georgia stars to shame that night I said, "That's a lie"|Country
taylorswift|Picture to Burn|State the obvious, I didn't get my perfect fantasy I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me So go and tell your friends that I'm obsessive and crazy <i>[Album version line:]</i> That's fine I'll tell mine that you're gay! <i>[Music video version line:]</i> That's fine you won't mind if I say By the way...  I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive You're a redneck heartbreak Who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time As far as I'm concerned You're just another picture to burn!  There's no time for tears I'm just sitting here planning my revenge There's nothing stopping me From going out with all of your best friends And if you come around saying sorry to me My daddy's gonna show you how sorry you'll be  'Cause I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive You're a redneck heartbreak Who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time As far as I'm concerned You're just another picture to burn!  And if you're missing me You'd better keep it to yourself 'Cause coming back around here Would be bad for your health...  'Cause I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive You're a redneck heartbreak Who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time In case you haven't heard I really really hate that...  I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive You're a redneck heartbreak Who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time As far as I'm concerned You're just another picture to burn!  Burn, burn, burn, baby, burn You're just another picture to burn Baby, burn...|Pop
taylorswift|Teardrops on My Guitar|Drew looks at me I fake a smile so he won't see That I want and I'm needing Everything that we should be  I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about And she's got everything that I have to live without  Drew talks to me I laugh 'cause it's just so funny That I can't even see Anyone when he's with me  He says he's so in love, he's finally got it right I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night  He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star He's the song in the car I keep singing. Don't know why I do  Drew walks by me Can he tell that I can't breathe? And there he goes, so perfectly The kind of flawless I wish I could be  She better hold him tight, give him all her love Look in those beautiful eyes and know she's lucky 'cause  He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star He's the song in the car I keep singing. Don't know why I do  So, I drive home alone As I turn out the light I'll put his picture down And maybe get some sleep tonight  'Cause he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only one who's got enough of me to break my heart He's the song in the car I keep singing. Don't know why I do  He's the time taken up, but there's never enough And he's all that I need to fall into  Drew looks at me I fake a smile so he won't see|Country
taylorswift|A Place in This World|I don't know what I want, so don't ask me Cause I'm still trying to figure it out Don't know what's down this road, I'm just walking Trying to see through the rain coming down Even though I'm not the only one Who feels the way I do  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I'm alone, on my own, and that's all I know I'll be strong, I'll be wrong, oh but life goes on Oh, I'm just a girl, trying to find a place in this world  Got the radio on, my old blue jeans And I'm wearing my heart on my sleeve Feeling lucky today, got the sunshine Could you tell me what more do I need And tomorrow's just a mystery, oh yeah But that's ok  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Maybe I'm just a girl on a mission But I'm ready to fly  I'm alone, on my own, and that's all I know I'll be strong, I'll be wrong, oh but life goes on Oh I'm alone, on my own, and that's all I know Oh I'm just a girl, trying to find a place in this world  Oh I'm just a girl Oh I'm just a girl, oh, oh, Oh I'm just a girl|Country
taylorswift|Cold as You|You have a way of coming easily to me And when you take, you take the very best of me So I start a fight 'cause I need to feel something And you do what you want 'cause I'm not what you wanted  Oh, what a shame, what a rainy ending given to a perfect day Just walk away, no use defending words that you will never say And now that I'm sitting here thinking it through I've never been anywhere cold as you  You put up walls and paint them all a shade of gray And I stood there loving you and wished them all away And you come away with a great little story Of a mess of a dreamer with the nerve to adore you  Oh, what a shame, what a rainy ending given to a perfect day So, just walk away, no use defending words that you will never say And now that I'm sitting here thinking it through I've never been anywhere cold as you  You never did give a damn thing, honey, but I cried, cried for you And I know you wouldn't have told nobody if I died, died for you, died for you  Oh, what a shame, what a rainy ending given to a perfect day Every smile you fake is so condescending counting all the scars you made And now that I'm sitting here thinking it through I've never been anywhere cold as you|Country
taylorswift|The Outside|I didn't know what I would find When I went looking for a reason, I know I didn't read between the lines And, baby, I've got nowhere to go  I tried to take the road less traveled by But nothing seems to work the first few times Am I right?  So how can I ever try to be better? Nobody ever lets me in I can still see you. This ain't the best view On the outside looking in And I've been a lot of lonely places I've never been on the outside  You saw me there, but never knew That I would give it all up to be A part of this, a part of you. And now it's all too late. So you see...  You could've helped if you had wanted to But no one notices until it's too late to do anything  So how can I ever try to be better? Nobody ever lets me in I can still see you. This ain't the best view On the outside looking in And I've been a lot of lonely places I've never been on the outside  Oh, yeah  So how can I ever try to be better? Nobody ever lets me in And I can still see you. This ain't the best view On the outside looking in And I've been a lot of lonely places I've never been on the outside|Country
taylorswift|Tied Together With a Smile|Seems the only one who doesn't see your beauty Is the face in the mirror looking back at you You walk around here thinking you're not pretty But that's not true 'cause I know you  Hold on, baby, you're losing it The water's high, you're jumping into it And letting go And no one knows That you cry, but you don't tell anyone That you might not be the golden one And you're tied together with a smile But you're coming undone  I guess it's true that love was all you wanted 'Cause you're giving it away like it's extra change Hoping it will end up in his pocket But he leaves you out like a penny in the rain  Oh, 'cause it's not his price to pay It's not his price to pay  Hold on, baby, you're losing it The water's high, you're jumping into it And letting go And no one knows That you cry, but you don't tell anyone That you might not be the golden one And you're tied together with a smile But you're coming undone  Hold on, baby, you're losing it The water's high, you're jumping into it And letting go And no one knows That you cry, but you don't tell anyone That you might not be the golden one And you're tied together with a smile But you're coming undone  You're tied together with a smile But you're coming undone Goodbye, baby With a smile, baby, baby|Country
taylorswift|Stay Beautiful|Cory's eyes are like a jungle He smiles, it's like the radio He whispers songs into my window In words that nobody knows There's pretty girls on every corner That watch him as he's walking home Saying, "Does he know?" Will you ever know?  <i>[Chorus:]</i> You're beautiful Every little piece love And don't you know You're really gonna be someone Ask anyone And when you find everything you looked for I hope your life leads you back to my door Oh, but if it don't Stay beautiful  Cory finds another way to be The highlight of my day I'm taking pictures in my mind So I can save them for a rainy day It's hard to make a conversation When he's taking my breath away I should say, hey, by the way  <i>[Chorus]</i>  If you and I are a story That never gets told If what you are is a daydream I'll never get to hold At least you'll know  You're beautiful Every little piece love And don't you know You're really gonna be someone Ask anyone And when you find everything you looked for I hope your life leads you back to my front door Oh, but if it don't Will you stay Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful La la la Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, but if it don't Stay beautiful Stay beautiful Na, na, na, na, na|Country
taylorswift|Should've Said No|It's strange to think the songs we used to sing The smiles, the flowers, everything is gone Yesterday I found out about you Even now just looking at you feels wrong  You say that you'd take it all back, given one chance It was a moment of weakness and you said, "Yes."  You should've said "No", you should've gone home You should've thought twice 'fore you let it all go You should've known that word 'Bout what you did with her'd Get back to me (get back to me). And I should've been there in the back of your mind I shouldn't be asking myself, "Why?" You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet... You should've said "No", baby, and you might still have me  You can see that I've been crying And baby, you know all the right things to say But do you honestly expect me to believe We could ever be the same?  You say that the past is the past, you need one chance It was a moment of weakness and you said, "Yes."  You should've said "No", you should've gone home You should've thought twice 'fore you let it all go You should've known that word 'Bout what you did with her'd, Get back to me (get back to me). And I should've been there in the back of your mind I shouldn't be asking myself, "Why?" You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet... You should've said "No", baby, and you might still have me  I can't resist Before you go, tell me this: Was it worth it? Was she worth this?  No... no, no, no...  You should've said "No", you should've gone home You should've thought twice 'fore you let it all go You should've known that word 'Bout what you did with her'd, Get back to me (get back to me). And I should've been there in the back of your mind I shouldn't be asking myself, "Why?" You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet... You should've said "No", baby, and you might still have me|Country
taylorswift|Our Song|I was riding shotgun With my hair undone In the front seat of his car He's got a one-hand feel On the steering wheel The other on my heart I look around, turn the radio down He says, "Baby is something wrong?" I say, "Nothing I was just thinking How we don't have a song" And he says...  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Our song is the slamming screen door Sneakin' out late, tapping on your window When we're on the phone and you talk real slow 'Cause it's late and your mama don't know Our song is the way you laugh The first date: "Man, I didn't kiss her, when I should have." And when I got home ... 'fore I said, "Amen" Asking God if he could play it again  I was walking up The front porch steps After everything that day Had gone all wrong And been trampled on And lost and thrown away Got to the hallway, Well, on my way To my lovin' bed I almost didn't notice All the roses And the note that said...  Our song is the slamming screen door Sneakin' out late, tapping on your window When we're on the phone and you talk real slow 'Cause it's late and your mama don't know Our song is the way you laugh The first date: "Man, I didn't kiss her, when I should have" And when I got home ... 'fore I said, "Amen" Asking God if he could play it again  I've heard every album, listened to the radio Waited for something to come along That was as good as our song...  'Cause our song is the slamming screen door Sneakin' out late, tapping on his window When we're on the phone and he talks real slow 'Cause it's late and his mama don't know Our song is the way he laughs The first date: "Man, I didn't kiss him, when I should have" And when I got home ... 'fore I said, "Amen" Asking God if he could play it again Play it again  Oh, yeah... Oh-oh, yeah  I was riding shotgun With my hair undone In the front seat of his car I grabbed a pen And an old napkin And I wrote down our song|Country
taylorswift|I'm Only Me When I'm With You|Friday night beneath the stars In a field behind your yard. You and I are paintin' pictures in the sky. And sometimes we don't say a thing; Just listen to the crickets sing. Everything I need is right here by my side.  And I know everything about you I don't wanna live without you.  I'm only up when you're not down. Don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground. It's like no matter what I do. Well, you drive me crazy half the time; The other half I'm only tryna let you know that what I feel is true. And I'm only me when I'm with you.  Just a small town boy and girl Livin' in a crazy world. Tryna figure out what is and isn't true. And I don't try to hide my tears, The secrets or my deepest fears. Through it all nobody gets me like you do.  And you know everything about me. You say that you can't live without me.  I'm only up when you're not down. Don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground. It's like no matter what I do. Well, you drive me crazy half the time; The other half I'm only tryna let you know that what I feel is true. And I'm only me when I'm with you.  When I'm with anybody else It's so hard to be myself. And only you can tell...  ...That I'm only up when you're not down. Don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground. It's like no matter what I do. Well, you drive me crazy half the time; The other half I'm only tryna let you know that what I feel is true. And I'm only me Who I wanna be. Well, I'm only me when I'm with you, With you.|Country
taylorswift|Invisible|She can't see the way your eyes Light up when you smile. She'll never notice how you stop and stare Whenever she walks by.  And you can't see me wantin' you the way you want her, But you are everything to me.  And I just wanna show you She don't even know you, She's never gonna love you like I want to. And you just see right through me, But if you only knew me, We could be a beautiful Miracle, Unbelievable Instead of just invisible.  There's a fire inside of you That can't help but shine through. She's never gonna see the light, No matter what you do.  And all I think about is how to make you think of me, And everything that we could be.  I just wanna show you She don't even know you, She's never gonna love you like I want to. And you just see right through me, But if you only knew me We could be a beautiful Miracle, Unbelievable Instead of just invisible.  Like shadows in a faded light. Oh, we're invisible. I just wanna open your eyes, And make you realize.  I just wanna show you She don't even know you. Baby, let me love you, Let me want you. You just see right through me, But if you only knew me We could be a beautiful Miracle, Unbelievable Instead of just invisible.  She can't see the way your eyes Light up when you smile.|Country
taylorswift|A Perfectly Good Heart|Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart,now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart?  Maybe I should've seen the signs, should've read the writing on the wall And realized by the distance in your eyes that I would be the one to fall No matter what you say, I still can't believe That you would walk away It don't make sense to me, but  Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart, now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart?  It's not unbroken anymore. How do I get it back the way it was before?  Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart, now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break, would you wanna break a  Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart, now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart?|Country
taylorswift|Fearless|There's somethin' 'bout the way The street looks when it's just rained There's a glow off the pavement You walk me to the car And you know I wanna ask you to dance right there In the middle of the parking lot Yeah Oh yeah  We're drivin' down the road I wonder if you know I'm tryin' so hard not to get caught up now But you're just so cool Run your hands through your hair Absent-mindedly makin' me want you  And I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you I'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless  So, baby, drive slow 'Til we run out of road in this one horse town I wanna stay right here in this passenger's seat You put your eyes on me In this moment now capture it, remember it  'Cause I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you I'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless  Well, you stood there with me in the doorway My hands shake I'm not usually this way But you pull me in and I'm a little more brave It's the first kiss, It's flawless, Really something, It's fearless.  Oh yeah  'Cause I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you I'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless  'Cause I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you I'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless  Oh-oh Oh yeah|Country
taylorswift|Fifteen|You take a deep breath and you walk through the doors It's the morning of your very first day You say "Hi" to your friends you ain't seen in a while Try and stay out of everybody's way It's your freshman year and you're gonna be here For the next four years in this town Hoping one of those senior boys will wink at you and say, "You know I haven't seen you around before."  'Cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you You're gonna believe them And when you're fifteen Feeling like there's nothing to figure out Well, count to ten, take it in This is life before you know who you're gonna be Fifteen  You sit in class next to a redhead named Abigail And soon enough you're best friends Laughing at the other girls who think they're so cool We'll be out of here as soon as we can And then you're on your very first date and he's got a car And you're feeling like flying And your mamma's waiting up and you're thinking he's the one And you're dancing 'round your room when the night ends When the night ends  'Cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you You're gonna believe them When you're fifteen And your first kiss makes your head spin round But in your life you'll do things greater than dating the boy on the football team But I didn't know it at fifteen  When all you wanted was to be wanted Wish you could go back and tell yourself what you know now  Back then I swore I was gonna marry him someday But I realized some bigger dreams of mine And Abigail gave everything she had to a boy who changed his mind And we both cried  'Cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you You're gonna believe them And when you're fifteen Don't forget to look before you fall I've found time can heal most anything And you just might find who you're supposed to be I didn't know who I was supposed to be at fifteen  La, la, la, la, la, la, la La, la, la, la, la, la, la La, la, la, la, la, la, la  Your very first day Take a deep breath, girl Take a deep breath as you walk through the doors.|Country
taylorswift|Love Story|We were both young when I first saw you. I close my eyes and the flashback starts: I'm standing there  On a balcony in summer air.  See the lights, see the party, the ball gowns, See you make your way through the crowd, And say, "Hello." Little did I know...  That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet." And I was crying on the staircase Begging you, "Please don't go." And I said,  "Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting. All there's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess. It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'."  So, I sneak out to the garden to see you. We keep quiet 'cause we're dead if they knew. So, close your eyes, Escape this town for a little while. Oh, oh.  'Cause you were Romeo. I was a scarlet letter. And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet." But you were everything to me. I was begging you, "Please don't go!" And I said,  "Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting. All there's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess. It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'.  Romeo, save me. They're trying to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult but it's real. Don't be afraid. We'll make it out of this mess. It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'."  Oh, oh, oh.  I got tired of waiting, Wondering if you were ever coming around. My faith in you was fading, When I met you on the outskirts of town. And I said,  "Romeo, save me. I've been feeling so alone. I keep waiting for you, but you never come. Is this in my head? I don't know what to think." He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said,  "Marry me, Juliet. You'll never have to be alone I love you, and that's all I really know. I talked to your dad. Go pick out a white dress. It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'."  Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.  'Cause we were both young when I first saw you.|Country
taylorswift|Hey Stephen|Hey, Stephen, I know looks can be deceiving, But I know I saw a light in you. And as we walked We were talking. I didn't say half the things I wanted to.  Of all the girls tossing rocks at your window I'll be the one waiting there even when it's cold. Hey, Stephen, Boy, you might have me believing I don't always have to be alone.  'Cause I can't help it if you look like an angel, Can't help it if I wanna kiss you in the rain. So, come feel this magic I've been feeling since I met you. Can't help it if there's no one else. I can't help myself.  Hey, Stephen, I've been holding back this feeling. So, I got some things to say to you, ha. I seen it all— So I thought— But I never seen nobody shine the way you do.  The way you walk, way you talk, way you say my name— It's beautiful, wonderful, don't you ever change. Hey, Stephen, Why are people always leaving? I think you and I should stay the same.  'Cause I can't help it if you look like an angel, Can't help it if I wanna kiss you in the rain. So, come feel this magic I've been feeling since I met you. Can't help it if there's no one else. I can't help myself.  They're dimming the street lights. You're perfect for me. Why aren't you here tonight? I'm waiting alone now, so, come on and come out And pull me near and shine, shine, shine.  Hey, Stephen, I could give you fifty reasons Why I should be the one you choose. All those other girls— Well, they're beautiful, But would they write a song for you?  I can't help it if you look like an angel, Can't help it if I wanna kiss you in the rain. So, come feel this magic I've been feeling since I met you. Can't help it if there's no one else. I can't help myself...  ...if you look like an angel. Can't help it if I wanna kiss you in the rain. So, come feel this magic I've been feeling since I met you. Can't help it if there's no one else. I can't help myself.  Myself. Can't help myself. I can't help myself.|Country
taylorswift|White Horse|Say you're sorry That face of an angel Comes out just when you need it to As I paced back and forth all this time 'Cause I honestly believed in you Holding on The days drag on Stupid girl I should have known, I should have known  That I'm not a princess, this ain't a fairy tale I'm not the one you'll sweep off her feet Lead her up the stairwell This ain't Hollywood, this is a small town I was a dreamer before you went and let me down Now it's too late for you and your white horse to come around  Maybe I was naïve Got lost in your eyes And never really had a chance My mistake, I didn't know to be in love You had to fight to have the upper hand I had so many dreams About you and me Happy endings Now I know  That I'm not a princess, this ain't a fairy tale I'm not the one you'll sweep off her feet Lead her up the stairwell This ain't Hollywood, this is a small town I was a dreamer before you went and let me down Now it's too late for you and your white horse to come around  And there you are on your knees Begging for forgiveness, begging for me Just like I always wanted but I'm so sorry  'Cause I'm not your princess, this ain't a fairytale I'm gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well This is a big world, that was a small town There in my rear view mirror disappearing now And it's too late for you and your white horse Now it's too late for you and your white horse to catch me now  Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa Try and catch me now Oh, it's too late To catch me now|Country
taylorswift|You Belong With Me|You're on the phone with your girlfriend She's upset, she's going off about something that you said 'Cause she doesn't get your humor like I do.  I'm in the room, it's a typical Tuesday night. I'm listening to the kind of music she doesn't like. And she'll never know your story like I do.  But she wears short skirts I wear T-shirts She's cheer captain And I'm on the bleachers Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find That what you're looking for has been here the whole time.  If you could see That I'm the one Who understands you. Been here all along. So, why can't you see You belong with me, You belong with me.  Walk in the streets with you in your worn-out jeans I can't help thinking this is how it ought to be. Laughing on a park bench thinking to myself, "Hey, isn't this easy?"  And you've got a smile That could light up this whole town. I haven't seen it in a while Since she brought you down.  You say you're fine I know you better than that. Hey, what you doing with a girl like that?  She wears high heels, I wear sneakers. She's cheer captain, And I'm on the bleachers. Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find That what you're looking for has been here the whole time.  If you could see That I'm the one Who understands you, Been here all along. So, why can't you see You belong with me.  Standing by and waiting at your backdoor. All this time how could you not know, baby? You belong with me, You belong with me.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Oh, I remember you driving to my house In the middle of the night. I'm the one who makes you laugh When you know you're 'bout to cry. I know your favorite songs, And you tell me about your dreams. Think I know where you belong, Think I know it's with me.  Can't you see That I'm the one Who understands you? Been here all along. So, why can't you see You belong with me.  Standing by and waiting at your backdoor. All this time how could you not know, baby? You belong with me, You belong with me.  You belong with me.  Have you ever thought just maybe You belong with me? You belong with me.|Country
taylorswift|Breathe|I see your face in my mind as I drive away 'Cause none of us thought it was gonna end that way People are people and sometimes we change our minds But it's killing me to see you go after all this time  Music starts playing like the end of a sad movie It's the kind of ending you don't really wanna see 'Cause it's tragedy and it'll only bring you down Now I don't know what to be without you around  And we know it's never simple, never easy Never a clean break, no one here to save me You're the only thing I know like the back of my hand  And I can't breathe without you, but I have to Breathe without you, but I have to  Never wanted this, never wanna see you hurt Every little bump in the road, I tried to swerve But people are people and sometimes it doesn't work out Nothing we say is gonna save us from the fall out  And we know it's never simple, never easy Never a clean break, no one here to save me You're the only thing I know like the back of my hand  And I can't breathe without you, but I have to Breathe without you but I have to  It's 2 A.M, feeling like I just lost a friend Hope you know it's not easy, easy for me It's 2 A.M, feeling like I just lost a friend Hope you know this ain't easy, easy for me  And we know it's never simple, never easy Never a clean break, no one here to save me, oh-oh  I can't breathe without you, but I have to Breathe without you, but I have to Breathe without you, but I have to  I'm sorry, I'm sorry (Mmm) I'm sorry, (Yeah, yeah) I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry|Country
taylorswift|Tell Me Why|I took a chance, I took a shot And you might think I'm bulletproof, but I'm not You took a swing, I took it hard And down here from the ground I see who you are  I'm sick and tired of your attitude I'm feeling like I don't know you You tell me that you love me then you cut me down And I need you like a heartbeat But you know you got a mean streak Makes me run for cover when you're around And here's to you and your temper Yes, I remember what you said last night And I know that you see what you're doing to me Tell me why  You could write a book on how to ruin someone's perfect day Well I get so confused and frustrated Forget what I'm trying to say, oh  I'm sick and tired of your reasons I got no one to believe in You tell me that you want me, then push me around And I need you like a heartbeat But you know you got a mean streak Makes me run for cover when you're around Here's to you and your temper Yes, I remember what you said last night And I know that you see what you're doing to me Tell me why…  Why…do you have to make me feel small So you can feel whole inside Why…do you have to put down my dreams So you're the only thing on my mind  I'm sick and tired of your attitude I'm feeling like I don't know you You tell me that you want me then cut me down I'm sick and tired of your reasons I've got no one to believe in You ask me for my love then you push me around Here's to you and your temper Yes, I remember what you said last night And I know that you see what you're doing to me Tell me why Why, tell me why  I take a step back, let you go I told you I'm not bulletproof Now you know|Country
taylorswift|You're Not Sorry|All this time I was wasting Hoping you would come around I've been giving out chances every time And all you do is let me down And it's taken me this long Baby but I figured you out And you're thinking we'll be fine again But not this time around  You don't have to call anymore I won't pick up the phone This is the last straw Don't wanna hurt anymore And you can tell me that you're sorry But I don't believe you baby Like I did before You're not sorry... no, no, no, no  You are looking so innocent I might believe you if I didn't know Could've loved you all my life If you hadn't left me waiting in the cold And you got your share of secrets And I'm tired of being last to know And now you're asking me to listen Cause it's worked each time before  But you don't have to call anymore I won't pick up the phone This is the last straw Don't wanna hurt anymore And you can tell me that you're sorry But I don't believe you baby Like I did before You're not sorry... no, no, no  You're not sorry... no, no, no  You had me crawling for you honey And it never would've gone away, no You used to shine so bright But I watched all of it fade  So you don't have to call anymore I won't pick up the phone This is the last straw There's nothing left to beg for And you can tell me that you're sorry But I don't believe you baby Like I did before You're not sorry... no, no, no  You're not sorry... no, no, no No, no, no, no No, no, no, no No, no, no, no|Country
taylorswift|The Way I Loved You|He is sensible and so incredible  And all my single friends are jealous  He says everything I need to hear and it's like  I couldn't ask for anything better  He opens up my door and I get into his car  And he says you look beautiful tonight  And I feel perfectly fine   But I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain  And it's 2am and I'm cursing your name  You're so in love that you act insane  And that's the way I loved you  Breakin' down and coming undone  It's a roller coaster kinda rush  And I never knew I could feel that much  And that's the way I loved you   He respects my space  And never makes me wait  And he calls exactly when he says he will  He's close to my mother  Talks business with my father  He's charming and endearing  And I'm comfortable   But I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain  And it's 2am and I'm cursing your name  You're so in love that you act insane  And that's the way I loved you  Breakin' down and coming undone  It's a roller coaster kinda rush  And I never knew I could feel that much  And that's the way I loved you   He can't see the smile I'm faking  And my heart's not breaking  Cause I'm not feeling anything at all  And you were wild and crazy  Just so frustrating intoxicating  Complicated, got away by some mistake and now   I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain  It's 2am and I'm cursing your name  I'm so in love that I acted insane  And that's the way I loved you  Breaking down and coming undone  It's a roller coaster kinda rush  And I never knew I could feel that much  And that's the way I loved you oh, oh   And that's the way I loved you oh, oh  Never knew I could feel that much  And that's the way I loved you|Country
taylorswift|Forever & Always|Once upon a time, I believe it was a Tuesday when I caught your eye And we caught onto something I hold onto the night, You looked me in the eye And told me you loved me  Were you just kidding? 'Cause it seems to me, this thing is breaking down We almost never speak I don't feel welcome anymore Baby, what happened, please tell me? 'Cause one second it was perfect, now you're half way out the door  And I stare at the phone, He still hasn't called And then you feel so low you can't feel nothing at all And you flashback to when he said forever and always Oh, and it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone 'Cause I was there when you said forever and always  Was I out of line? Did I say something way too honest? Made you run and hide Like a scared little boy? I looked into your eyes Thought I knew you for a minute, now I'm not so sure  So here's to everything Coming down to nothing Here's to silence That cuts me to the core Where is this going? Thought I knew for a minute, but I don't anymore  And I stare at the phone, He still hasn't called And then you feel so low, you can't feel nothing at all And you flashback to when he said forever and always Oh, and it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone 'Cause I was there when you said forever and always  You didn't mean it, baby, I don't think so  Back up, baby, back up Did you forget everything? Back up, baby, back up Did you forget everything?  'Cause it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone 'Cause I was there when you said forever and always  Oh, I stare at the phone, He still hasn't called And then you feel so low You can't feel nothing at all And you flashback to when we said forever and always  And it rains in your bedroom Everything is wrong It rains when you're here and it rains when you're gone 'Cause I was there when you said forever and always  You didn't mean it, baby, You said forever and always... yeah|Country
taylorswift|The Best Day|I'm five years old It's getting cold I've got my big coat on  I hear your laugh And look up smiling at you I run and run  Past the pumpkin patch And the tractor rides Look now -- the sky is gold  I hug your legs And fall asleep On the way home  I don't know why all the trees change in the fall I know you're not scared of anything at all Don't know if Snow White's house is near or far away But I know I had the best day With you today  I'm thirteen now And don't know how My friends could be so mean  I come home crying And you hold me tight And grab the keys  And we drive and drive Until we've found a town Far enough away  And we talk And window-shop 'Til I've forgotten all their names  I don't know who I'm gonna talk to now at school I know I'm laughing on the car ride home with you Don't know how long it's gonna take to feel okay But I know I had the best day With you today  I have an excellent father His strength is making me stronger God smiles on my little brother Inside and out he's better than I am  I grew up in a pretty house And I had space to run And I had the best days with you  There is a video I found from back when I was three You set up a paint set in the kitchen and you're talking to me  It's the age of princesses and pirate ships and the seven dwarfs And Daddy's smart and you're the prettiest lady in the whole wide world  And now I know why all the trees change in the fall I know you were on my side even when I was wrong  And I love you for giving me your eyes For staying back and watching me shine  And I didn't know if you knew So I'm taking this chance to say That I had the best day With you today|Country
taylorswift|Change|And it's a sad picture The final blow hits you Somebody else gets what you wanted again And you know it's all the same Another time and place Repeating history and you're getting sick of it  But I believe in whatever you do And I'll do anything to see it through  Because these things will change Can you feel it now? These walls that they put up to hold us back will fall down This revolution, the time will come For us to finally win And we'll sing hallelujah, we'll sing hallelujah  So we've been outnumbered Raided and now cornered It's hard to fight when the fight ain't fair We're getting stronger now Find things they never found They might be bigger But we're faster and never scared  You can walk away, say we don't need this But there's something in your eyes says we can beat this  'Cause these things will change Can you feel it now? These walls that they put up to hold us back will fall down This revolution, the time will come For us to finally win And we'll sing hallelujah, we'll sing hallelujah  Tonight we'll stand, get off our knees Fight for what we've worked for all these years And the battle was long, it's the fight of our lives But we'll stand up champions tonight  It was the night things changed Can you see it now? These walls that they put up to hold us back fell down This revolution, throw your hands up 'Cause we never gave in And we'll sing hallelujah, we sang hallelujah Hallelujah|Country
taylorswift|State of Grace|I'm walking fast through the traffic lights Busy streets and busy lives And all we know Is touch and go  We are alone with our changing minds We fall in love 'til it hurts or bleeds or fades in time  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (never) be the same  You come around and the armor falls Pierce the room like a cannonball Now all we know Is don't let go  We are alone, just you and me Up in your room and our slates are clean Just twin fire signs Four blue eyes  So you were never a saint And I've loved in shades of wrong We learn to live with the pain Mosaic broken hearts But this love is brave and wild  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (never) be the same  This is a state of grace This is the worthwhile fight Love is a ruthless game Unless you play it good and right  These are the hands of fate You're my Achilles heel This is the golden age of something good and right and real  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (never) be the same  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (So you were never a saint I've loved in shades of wrong) Be the same (We learn to live with the pain Mosaic broken hearts But this love is brave and wild)  This is a state of grace This is the worthwhile fight Love is a ruthless game Unless you play it good and right|Country
taylorswift|Red|<i>[Verse 1:]</i> Loving him is like driving a new Maserati down a dead-end street Faster than the wind, passionate as sin, ending so suddenly Loving him is like trying to change your mind once you're already flying through the free fall Like the colors in autumn, so bright just before they lose it all  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Losing him was blue like I'd never known Missing him was dark grey all alone Forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met But loving him was red Loving him was red  <i>[Verse 2:]</i> Touching him was like realizing all you ever wanted was right there in front of you Memorizing him was as easy as knowing all the words to your old favorite song Fighting with him was like trying to solve a crossword and realizing there's no right answer Regretting him was like wishing you never found out that love could be that strong  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Losing him was blue like I'd never known Missing him was dark grey all alone Forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met But loving him was red Oh, red Burning red  <i>[Bridge:]</i> Remembering him comes in flashbacks and echoes Tell myself it's time now, gotta let go But moving on from him is impossible When I still see it all in my head In burning red Burning, it was red  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Oh, losing him was blue like I'd never known Missing him was dark grey all alone Forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met 'Cause loving him was red Yeah, yeah, red We're burning red  <i>[Post-Chorus:]</i> And that's why he's spinnin' 'round in my head Comes back to me, burning red Yeah, yeah  His love was like driving a new Maserati down a dead-end street|Country
taylorswift|Treacherous|Put your lips close to mine As long as they don't touch Out of focus, eye to eye Till the gravity's too much And I'll do anything you say If you say it with your hands And I'd be smart to walk away But you're quicksand  This slope is treacherous This path is reckless This slope is treacherous And I, I, I like it  I can't decide if it's a choice Getting swept away I hear the sound of my own voice Asking you to stay And all we are is skin and bone Trained to get along Forever going with the flow But you're friction  This slope is treacherous This path is reckless This slope is treacherous I, I, I like it  Two headlights shine through the sleepless night And I will get you a—get you alone Your name has echoed through my mind And I just think you should, think you should know That nothing safe is worth the drive And I would follow you, follow you home I'll follow you, follow you home  This hope is treacherous This daydream is dangerous This hope is treacherous I, I, I... I, I, I... I, I, I...  Two headlights shine through the sleepless night And I will get you, I'll get you alone Your name has echoed through my mind And I just think you should, think you should know That nothing safe is worth the drive And I would follow you, follow you home I'll follow you, follow you home I'll follow you, follow you home I'll follow you, follow you home  This slope is treacherous I, I, I like it|Country
taylorswift|I Knew You Were Trouble|<i>[Music video spoken part:]</i> I think - I think when it's all over, It just comes back in flashes, you know? It's like a kaleidoscope of memories. It just all comes back. But he never does. I think part of me knew the second I saw him that this would happen. It's not really anything he said or anything he did, It was the feeling that came along with it. And the crazy thing is I don't know if I'm ever gonna feel that way again. But I don't know if I should. I knew his world moved too fast and burned too bright. But I just thought, how can the devil be pulling you toward someone who looks so much like an angel when he smiles at you? Maybe he knew that when he saw me. I guess I just lost my balance. I think that the worst part of it all wasn't losing him. It was losing me.  Once upon a time, a few mistakes ago I was in your sights, you got me alone You found me, you found me, you found me I guess you didn't care, and I guess I liked that And when I fell hard you took a step back Without me, without me, without me  And he's long gone when he's next to me And I realize the blame is on me  'Cause I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been 'Til you put me down, oh I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble  No apologies. He'll never see you cry, Pretends he doesn't know that he's the reason why You're drowning, you're drowning, you're drowning Now I heard you moved on from whispers on the street A new notch in your belt is all I'll ever be And now I see, now I see, now I see  He was long gone when he met me And I realize the joke is on me, yeah!  I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been 'Til you put me down, oh I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble  And the saddest fear comes creeping in That you never loved me or her, or anyone, or anything, yeah  I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been 'Til you put me down, oh I knew you were trouble when you walked in (you were right there, you were right there) So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble  I knew you were trouble when you walked in Trouble, trouble, trouble I knew you were trouble when you walked in Trouble, trouble, trouble  <i>[Music video spoken part:]</i> I don't know if you know who you are until you lose who you are.|Country
taylorswift|All Too Well|I walked through the door with you, the air was cold But something 'bout it felt like home somehow And I left my scarf there at your sister's house And you've still got it in your drawer even now  Oh, your sweet disposition and my wide-eyed gaze We're singing in the car, getting lost Upstate Autumn leaves falling down like pieces into place And I can picture it after all these days  And I know it's long gone And that magic's not here no more And I might be okay But I'm not fine at all  'Cause there we are again on that little town street You almost ran the red 'cause you were looking over at me Wind in my hair, I was there, I remember it all too well  Photo album on the counter, your cheeks were turning red You used to be a little kid with glasses in a twin sized bed And your mother's telling stories about you on a tee ball team You taught me 'bout your past, thinking your future was me  And I know it's long gone And there was nothing else I could do And I forget about you long enough To forget why I needed to  'Cause there we are again in the middle of the night We're dancing around the kitchen in the refrigerator light Down the stairs, I was there, I remember it all too well, yeah  Well, maybe we got lost in translation, maybe I asked for too much But maybe this thing was a masterpiece 'til you tore it all up Running scared, I was there, I remember it all too well  Hey, you call me up again just to break me like a promise So casually cruel in the name of being honest I'm a crumpled up piece of paper lying here 'Cause I remember it all, all, all... too well  Time won't fly, it's like I'm paralyzed by it I'd like to be my old self again, but I'm still trying to find it After plaid shirt days and nights when you made me your own Now you mail back my things and I walk home alone  But you keep my old scarf from that very first week 'Cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me You can't get rid of it 'cause you remember it all too well, yeah  'Cause there we are again, when I loved you so Back before you lost the one real thing you've ever known It was rare, I was there, I remember it all too well  Wind in my hair, you were there, you remember it all Down the stairs, you were there, you remember it all It was rare, I was there, I remember it all too well|Country
taylorswift|22|It feels like a perfect night to dress up like hipsters And make fun of our exes, uh uh, uh uh. It feels like a perfect night for breakfast at midnight To fall in love with strangers, uh uh, uh uh.  Yeah, We're happy, free, confused, and lonely at the same time It's miserable and magical. Oh, yeah Tonight's the night when we forget about the deadlines It's time  Uh oh! I don't know about you But I'm feeling 22 Everything will be alright If you keep me next to you You don't know about me But I'll bet you want to Everything will be alright If we just keep dancing like we're 22, ooh-ooh 22, ooh-ooh  It seems like one of those nights, This place is too crowded. Too many cool kids, uh uh, uh uh (who's Taylor Swift anyway, ew?) It seems like one of those nights, We ditch the whole scene and end up dreaming Instead of sleeping.  Yeah, We're happy, free, confused, and lonely in the best way It's miserable and magical. Oh, yeah Tonight's the night when we forget about the heartbreaks It's time  Uh oh! (hey!) I don't know about you But I'm feeling 22 Everything will be alright If you keep me next to you You don't know about me But I'll bet you want to Everything will be alright (alright) If we just keep dancing like we're 22, ooh-ooh (oh, oh, oh) 22, ooh-ooh I don't know about you 22, ooh-ooh 22, ooh-ooh  It feels like one of those nights, We ditch the whole scene. It feels like one of those nights, We won't be sleeping. It feels like one of those nights, You look like bad news. I gotta have you, I gotta have you.  Ooh-ooh Ooh-ooh, ye-e-e-e-eah, hey I don't know about you (I don't know about you) But I'm feeling 22 Everything will be alright If you keep me next to you You don't know about me (you don't know about me) But I'll bet you want to Everything will be alright If we just keep dancing like we're 22, ooh-ooh (oh - whoa) 22, ooh-ooh (dancing like) 22, ooh-ooh, yeah, yeah 22, ooh-ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah  It feels like one of those nights, We ditch the whole scene It feels like one of those nights, We won't be sleeping It feels like one of those nights, You look like bad news, I gotta have you, I gotta have you.|Country
taylorswift|I Almost Do|I bet this time of night you're still up. I bet you're tired from a long hard week. I bet you're sitting in your chair by the window looking out at the city. And I bet sometimes you wonder about me.  And I just wanna tell you It takes everything in me not to call you. And I wish I could run to you. And I hope you know that every time I don't I almost do, I almost do.  I bet you think I either moved on or hate you 'Cause each time you reach out there's no reply. I bet it never ever occurred to you that I can't say "Hello" to you And risk another goodbye.  And I just wanna tell you It takes everything in me not to call you. And I wish I could run to you. And I hope you know that every time I don't I almost do, I almost do.  Oh, we made quite a mess, babe. It's probably better off this way. And I confess, babe, In my dreams you're touching my face And asking me if I wanna try again with you. And I almost do.  And I just wanna tell you It takes everything in me not to call you. And I wish I could run to you. And I hope you know that every time I don't I almost do, I almost do.  I bet this time of night you're still up. I bet you're tired from a long hard week. I bet you're sitting in your chair by the window looking out at the city. And I hope sometimes you wonder about me.|Country
taylorswift|We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together|I remember when we broke up the first time Saying, "This is it, I've had enough," 'cause like We hadn't seen each other in a month When you said you needed space. (What?) Then you come around again and say "Baby, I miss you and I swear I'm gonna change, trust me." Remember how that lasted for a day? I say, "I hate you," we break up, you call me, "I love you."  Ooh, we called it off again last night But ooh, this time I'm telling you, I'm telling you  We are never ever ever getting back together, We are never ever ever getting back together, You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me But we are never ever ever ever getting back together  Like, ever...  I'm really gonna miss you picking fights And me falling for it screaming that I'm right And you would hide away and find your peace of mind With some indie record that's much cooler than mine  Ooh, you called me up again tonight But ooh, this time I'm telling you, I'm telling you  We are never, ever, ever getting back together We are never, ever, ever getting back together You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me (talk to me) But we are never ever ever ever getting back together  Ooh, yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah Oh oh oh  I used to think that we were forever ever And I used to say, "Never say never..." Uggg... so he calls me up and he's like, "I still love you," And I'm like... "I just... I mean this is exhausting, you know, like, We are never getting back together. Like, ever"  No!  We are never ever ever getting back together We are never ever ever getting back together You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me But we are never ever ever ever getting back together  We, ooh, getting back together, ohhh, We, ooh, getting back together  You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me (talk to me) But we are never ever ever ever getting back together|Country
taylorswift|Stay Stay Stay|I'm pretty sure we almost broke up last night. I threw my phone across the room at you. I was expecting some dramatic turn-away, But you stayed.  This morning I said we should talk about it. 'Cause I read you should never leave a fight unresolved. That's when you came in wearing a football helmet and said, "Okay, let's talk."  And I said, Stay, stay, stay. I've been lovin' you for quite some time, time, time. You think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad, mad. But I think that it's best if we both stay.  Before you I'd only dated self-indulgent takers, Who took all of their problems out on me. But you carry my groceries, and now I'm always laughin'. And I love you because you have given me no choice but to...  Stay, stay, stay. I've been lovin' you for quite some time, time, time. You think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad, mad. But I think that it's best if we both stay, stay, stay, stay.  You took the time to memorize me: My fears, my hopes, and dreams. I just like hangin' out with you all the time. All those times that you didn't leave; It's been occurring to me I'd like to hang out with you for my whole life.  Stay. And I'll be loving you for quite some time. No one else is gonna love me, when I get mad, mad, mad. So I think that it's best if we both stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay.  Stay, stay, stay. I've been lovin' you for quite some time, time, time. You think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad, mad. But I think that it's best if we both stay, stay, stay, stay, stay, stay.  Stay, stay, stay. I've been lovin' you for quite some time, time, time. You think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad, mad. But I think that it's best if we both stay.  <i>[Background:]</i> That's so fun!|Country
taylorswift|The Last Time|<i>[Gary Lightbody:]</i> I find myself at your door Just like all those times before I'm not sure how I got there All roads—they lead me here  I imagine you are home In your room, all alone And you open your eyes into mine And everything feels better  <i>[Both:]</i> And right before your eyes I'm breaking, no past No reasons why Just you and me  This is the last time I'm asking you this Put my name at the top of your list This is the last time I'm asking you why You break my heart in the blink of an eye, eye, eye  <i>[Taylor Swift:]</i> You find yourself at my door Just like all those times before You wear your best apology But I was there to watch you leave  And all the times I let you in Just for you to go again Disappear when you come back Everything is better  <i>[Both:]</i> And right before your eyes I'm aching, no past Nowhere to hide Just you and me  This is the last time I'm asking you this Put my name at the top of your list This is the last time I'm asking you why You break my heart in the blink of an eye, eye, eye  <i>[Taylor Swift:]</i> This is the last time you tell me I've got it wrong <i>[Gary Lightbody:]</i> This is the last time I say it's been you all along <i>[Taylor Swift:]</i> This is the last time I let you in my door <i>[Gary Lightbody:]</i> This is the last time, I won't hurt you anymore  Oh, oh, oh  This is the last time I'm asking you this Put my name at the top of your list This is the last time I'm asking you why You break my heart in the blink of an eye  This is the last time I'm asking you Last time I'm asking you Last time I'm asking you this This is the last time I'm asking you Last time I'm asking you Last time I'm asking you this This is the last time I'm asking you Last time I'm asking you Last time I'm asking you this This is the last time I'm asking you Last time I'm asking you Last time I'm asking you this|Country
taylorswift|Holy Ground|I was reminiscing just the other day, While having coffee all alone and Lord, it took me away. Back to a first-glance feeling on New York Time. Back when you fit in my poems like a perfect rhyme. Took off faster than a green light "Go". Yeah, you skipped the conversation when you already know. I left a note on the door with a joke we’d made, And that was the first day.  And darling, it was good never looking down. And right there where we stood was holy ground.  Spinning like a girl in a brand new dress, We had this big wide city all to ourselves. We blocked the noise with the sound of ‘I need you’, And for the first time I had something to lose, And I guess we fell apart in the usual way. And the story’s got dust on every page, But sometimes I wonder how you think about it now. And I see your face in every crowd.  Cause darling, it was good never looking down. And right there where we stood was holy ground.  Tonight I’m gonna dance for all that we’ve been through. But I don’t wanna dance if I’m not dancing with you. Tonight I’m gonna dance like you were in this room. But I don’t wanna dance if I’m not dancing with you,  It was good never looking down. And right there where we stood was holy ground.  Tonight I’m gonna dance for all that we’ve been through. But I don’t wanna dance if I’m not dancing with you. Tonight I’m gonna dance like you were in this room. But I don’t wanna dance if I’m not dancing with you.|Country
taylorswift|Sad Beautiful Tragic|Long handwritten note deep in your pocket Words, how little they mean when you're a little too late I stood right by the tracks, your face in a locket Good girls, hopeful they'll be and long they will wait  We had a beautiful magic love there What a sad beautiful tragic love affair  In dreams I meet you in warm conversation We both wake in lonely beds, different cities And time is taking its sweet time erasing you And you've got your demons, and, darling, they all look like me  'Cause we had a beautiful magic love there What a sad beautiful tragic love affair  Distance, timing, breakdown, fighting Silence, the train runs off its tracks Kiss me, try to fix it, could you just try to listen? Hang up, give up and for the life of us we can't get back  A beautiful magic love there What a sad beautiful tragic, beautiful tragic, beautiful  And we had a beautiful magic love there What a sad beautiful tragic love affair  We had a beautiful magic love there What a sad beautiful tragic love affair|Country
taylorswift|The Lucky One|New to town with a made up name in the angel's city, Chasing fortune and fame. And the camera flashes, make it look like a dream.  You had it figured out since you were in school. Everybody loves pretty, everybody loves cool. So overnight you look like a sixties’ queen.  Another name goes up in lights, like diamonds in the sky.  And they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Yeah, they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. But can you tell me now, you’re the lucky one, oh, oh, oh...  Now it’s big black cars, and Riviera views, And your lover in the foyer doesn't even know you And your secrets end up splashed on the news front page.  And they tell you that you’re lucky. But you’re so confused, 'Cause you don’t feel pretty, you just feel used. And all the young things line up to take your place.  Another name goes up in lights. You wonder if you’ll make it out alive.  And they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Yeah, they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Can you tell me now, you’re the lucky one, oh, oh, oh.  It was a few years later, I showed up here. And they still tell the legend of how you disappeared, How you took the money and your dignity, and got the hell out. They say you bought a bunch of land somewhere, Chose the Rose Garden over Madison Square, And it took some time, but I understand it now.  ‘Cause now my name is up in lights, but I think you got it right,  Let me tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Let me tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Let me tell you now, you’re the lucky one, oh, oh, oh.  Yeah they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Yeah, they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. And they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one, oh, oh, oh. Oh, whoa, oh, oh|Country
taylorswift|Everything Has Changed|<i>[Taylor Swift:]</i> All I knew this morning when I woke Is I know something now, know something now I didn't before And all I've seen since eighteen hours ago Is green eyes and freckles and your smile In the back of my mind making me feel like  I just wanna know you better, know you better, know you better now I just wanna know you better, know you better, know you better now  <i>[Both:]</i> I just wanna know you better, know you better, know you better now I just wanna know you, know you, know you  'Cause all I know is we said, "Hello" And your eyes look like coming home All I know is a simple name Everything has changed All I know is you held the door You'll be mine and I'll be yours All I know since yesterday is everything has changed  <i>[Ed Sheeran:]</i> And all my walls stood tall painted blue And I'll take them down, take them down and open up the door for you  <i>[Taylor Swift (Album version) / Ed Sheeran (Remix version):]</i> And all I feel in my stomach is butterflies The beautiful kind, making up for lost time <i>[Album version:]</i> Taking flight, making me feel right <i>[Remix version:]</i> Taking flight, making me feel right like  <i>[Both:]</i> I just wanna know you better, know you better, know you better now I just wanna know you better, know you better, know you better now I just wanna know you better, know you better, know you better now I just wanna know you, know you, know you  <i>[Both:]</i> 'Cause all I know is we said, "Hello" And your eyes look like coming home All I know is a simple name Everything has changed All I know is you held the door And you'll be mine and I'll be yours All I know since yesterday is everything has changed  <i>[Bridge:]</i> Come back and tell me why I'm feeling like I've missed you all this time, oh, oh, oh And meet me there tonight And let me know that it's not all in my mind  <i>[Taylor Swift:]</i> I just wanna know you better, know you better, know you better now I just wanna know you, know you, know you  <i>[Both:]</i> All I know is we said, "Hello" And your eyes look like coming home All I know is a simple name Everything has changed All I know is you held the door You'll be mine and I'll be yours All I know since yesterday is everything has changed  <i>[Taylor Swift:]</i> All I know is we said, "Hello" So dust off your highest hopes All I know is pouring rain and everything has changed All I know is a new found grace All my days I'll know your face All I know since yesterday is everything has changed|Country
taylorswift|Starlight|I said, "Oh my, what a marvelous tune" It was the best night, never would forget how we moved. The whole place was dressed to the nines, And we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight Like we're made of starlight  I met Bobby on the boardwalk, summer of '45 Picked me up late one night out the window, We were 17 and crazy, running wild, wild Can't remember what song it was playing when we walked in The night we snuck into a yacht club party Pretending to be a duchess and a prince  And I said, "Oh my, what a marvelous tune." It was the best night, never would forget how we moved. The whole place was dressed to the nines, And we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight, starlight Like we're made of starlight, starlight  He said, "Look at you: worrying too much about things you can't change. You'll spend your whole life singing the blues if you keep thinking that way." He was tryna skip rocks on the ocean, saying to me, "Don't you see the starlight, starlight? Don't you dream impossible things?"  Like "Oh my, what a marvelous tune." It was the best night, never would forget how we moved The whole place was dressed to the nines, And we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight, starlight Like we're made of starlight, starlight  Ooh, ooh, he's talking crazy Ooh, ooh, dancing with me Ooh, ooh, we could get married Have ten kids and teach them how to dream  Oh my, what a marvelous tune It was the best night, never would forget how we moved The whole place was dressed to the nines, And we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight, starlight Like we're made of starlight, starlight Like we're made of starlight, starlight Like we dream impossible dreams Like starlight, starlight Like we dream impossible dreams Don't you see the starlight, starlight? Don't you dream impossible things?|Country
taylorswift|Begin Again|Took a deep breath in the mirror He didn't like it when I wore high heels But I do Turn the lock and put my headphones on He always said he didn't get this song But I do, I do  Walked in expecting you'd be late But you got here early and you stand and wave I walk to you You pull my chair out and help me in And you don't know how nice that is But I do  And you throw your head back laughing like a little kid I think it's strange that you think I'm funny 'cause he never did I've been spending the last eight months Thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end But on a Wednesday in a cafe I watched it begin again  You said you never met one girl Who had as many James Taylor records as you But I do We tell stories and you don't know why I'm coming off a little shy But I do  But you throw your head back laughing like a little kid I think it's strange that you think I'm funny 'cause he never did  I've been spending the last eight months Thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end But on a Wednesday in a cafe I watched it begin again  And we walked down the block to my car and I almost brought him up But you start to talk about the movies that your family Watches Every single Christmas and I want to talk about that And for the first time what's past is past  'Cause you throw your head back laughing like a little kid I think it's strange that you think I'm funny 'cause he never did I've been spending the last eight months  Thinking all love ever does is break and burn and end But on a Wednesday in a cafe I watched it begin again  But on a Wednesday in a cafe I watched it begin again|Country
taylorswift|The Moment I Knew|You should've been there, Should've burst through the door, With that 'baby I'm right here' smile, And it would've felt like, A million little shining stars had just aligned, And I would've been so happy.  Christmas lights glisten, I've got my eye on the door, Just waiting for you to walk in, But the time is ticking, People ask me how I've been As I comb back through my memory, How you said you'd be here, You said you'd be here.  And it was like slow motion, Standing there in my party dress, In red lipstick, With no one to impress, And they're all laughing, As I'm looking around the room, But there's one thing missing, And that was the moment I knew.  And the hours pass by, Now I just wanna be alone, But your close friends always seem to know When there's something really wrong, So they follow me down the hall, And there in the bathroom, I try not to fall apart, And the sinking feeling starts, As I say hopelessly, "He said he'd be here."  And it was like slow motion, Standing there in my party dress, In red lipstick, With no one to impress, And they're all laughing, And asking me about you, But there was one thing missing, And that was the moment I knew.  What do you say When tears are streaming down your face In front of everyone you know? And what do you do when the one Who means the most to you Is the one who didn't show?  You should've been here. And I would've been so happy.  And it was like slow motion, Standing there in my party dress, In red lipstick, With no one to impress, And they're all standing around me singing "Happy birthday to you", But there was one thing missing, And that was the moment I knew.  Ooh, I knew. Ooh,  You called me later, And said, "I'm sorry, I didn't make it," And I said, "I'm sorry too," And that was the moment I knew.|Country
taylorswift|Come Back... Be Here|You said it in a simple way, 4 AM, the second day, How strange that I don't know you at all. Stumbled through the long goodbye, One last kiss, then catch your flight, Right when I was just about to fall  I told myself, "Don't get attached," But in my mind I play it back, Spinning faster than the plane that took you...  And this is when the feeling sinks in, I don't wanna miss you like this, Come back... be here, come back... be here. I guess you're in New York today, I don't wanna need you this way, Come back... be here, come back... be here.  The delicate beginning rush, The feeling you can know so much, Without knowing anything at all. And now that I can't put this down, If I had known what I'd known now, I never would have played so nonchalant.  Taxi cabs and busy streets, That never bring you back to me, I can't help but wish you took me with you...  And this is when the feeling sinks in, I don't wanna miss you like this, Come back... be here, come back... be here. I guess you're in London today, I don't wanna need you this way, Come back... be here, come back... be here.  This is falling in love in the cruelest way, This is falling for you when you are worlds away.  New York... be here. But you're in London and I break down, 'Cause it's not fair that you're not around.  This is when the feeling sinks in, I don't wanna miss you like this, Come back... be here, come back... be here. I guess you're in New York today, And I don't wanna need you this way, Come back... be here, come back... be here.  I don't wanna miss you like this. Come back... be here. Come back... be here.|Country
taylorswift|Girl at Home|Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that, Uh, uh Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that.  I don't even know her, But I feel a responsibility, To do what's upstanding and right, It's kinda like a code, yeah, And you've been getting closer and closer, And crossing so many lines.  And it would be a fine proposition, If I was a stupid girl, But honey I am no-one's exception, This I have previously learned.  So don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that, Uh, uh Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that, I see you turn off your phone, And now you got me alone, And I say, Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that.  I just wanna make sure, You understand perfectly, You're the kind of man who makes me sad, While she waits up, You chase down the newest thing, And take for granted what you have.  And it would be a fine proposition, If I was a stupid girl, And yeah I might go with it, If I hadn't once been just like her.  Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that, Uh, uh Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that, I see you turn off your phone, And now you've got me alone, And I say, Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that.  Call a cab, Lose my number, You're about to lose your girl, Call a cab, Lose my number, Let's consider this lesson learned.  Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that, Uh, uh Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that, Wanna see you pick up your phone, And tell her you're coming home, Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that, Uh, uh Don't look at me, You've got a girl at home, And everybody knows that, Everybody knows that.  It would be a fine proposition, If I hadn't once been just like her.|Country
taylorswift|Treacherous|Put your lips close to mine As long as they don't touch Out of focus, eye to eye Till the gravity's too much And I'll do anything you say If you say it with your hands And I'd be smart to walk away But you're quicksand  This slope is treacherous This path is reckless This slope is treacherous And I, I, I like it  I can't decide if it's a choice Getting swept away I hear the sound of my own voice Asking you to stay And all we are is skin and bone Trained to get along Forever going with the flow But you're friction  This slope is treacherous This path is reckless This slope is treacherous I, I, I like it  Two headlights shine through the sleepless night And I will get you a—get you alone Your name has echoed through my mind And I just think you should, think you should know That nothing safe is worth the drive And I would follow you, follow you home I'll follow you, follow you home  This hope is treacherous This daydream is dangerous This hope is treacherous I, I, I... I, I, I... I, I, I...  Two headlights shine through the sleepless night And I will get you, I'll get you alone Your name has echoed through my mind And I just think you should, think you should know That nothing safe is worth the drive And I would follow you, follow you home I'll follow you, follow you home I'll follow you, follow you home I'll follow you, follow you home  This slope is treacherous I, I, I like it|Country
taylorswift|Red|<i>[Verse 1:]</i> Loving him is like driving a new Maserati down a dead-end street Faster than the wind, passionate as sin, ending so suddenly Loving him is like trying to change your mind once you're already flying through the free fall Like the colors in autumn, so bright just before they lose it all  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Losing him was blue like I'd never known Missing him was dark grey all alone Forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met But loving him was red Loving him was red  <i>[Verse 2:]</i> Touching him was like realizing all you ever wanted was right there in front of you Memorizing him was as easy as knowing all the words to your old favorite song Fighting with him was like trying to solve a crossword and realizing there's no right answer Regretting him was like wishing you never found out that love could be that strong  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Losing him was blue like I'd never known Missing him was dark grey all alone Forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met But loving him was red Oh, red Burning red  <i>[Bridge:]</i> Remembering him comes in flashbacks and echoes Tell myself it's time now, gotta let go But moving on from him is impossible When I still see it all in my head In burning red Burning, it was red  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Oh, losing him was blue like I'd never known Missing him was dark grey all alone Forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met 'Cause loving him was red Yeah, yeah, red We're burning red  <i>[Post-Chorus:]</i> And that's why he's spinnin' 'round in my head Comes back to me, burning red Yeah, yeah  His love was like driving a new Maserati down a dead-end street|Country
taylorswift|State of Grace|I'm walking fast through the traffic lights Busy streets and busy lives And all we know Is touch and go  We are alone with our changing minds We fall in love 'til it hurts or bleeds or fades in time  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (never) be the same  You come around and the armor falls Pierce the room like a cannonball Now all we know Is don't let go  We are alone, just you and me Up in your room and our slates are clean Just twin fire signs Four blue eyes  So you were never a saint And I've loved in shades of wrong We learn to live with the pain Mosaic broken hearts But this love is brave and wild  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (never) be the same  This is a state of grace This is the worthwhile fight Love is a ruthless game Unless you play it good and right  These are the hands of fate You're my Achilles heel This is the golden age of something good and right and real  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (never) be the same  And I never (never) saw you coming And I'll never (So you were never a saint I've loved in shades of wrong) Be the same (We learn to live with the pain Mosaic broken hearts But this love is brave and wild)  This is a state of grace This is the worthwhile fight Love is a ruthless game Unless you play it good and right|Country
taylorswift|Mine|You were in college working part time waiting tables, Left a small town, never looked back. I was a flight risk with a fear of fallin' Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts.  I say, "Can you believe it?" As we're lying on the couch The moment I can see it. Yes, yes, I can see it now.  Do you remember, we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time. You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine.  Flash forward and we're taking on the world together, And there's a drawer of my things at your place. You learn my secrets and you figure out why I'm guarded, You say we'll never make my parents' mistakes.  But we got bills to pay, We got nothing figured out, When it was hard to take, Yes, yes, this is what I thought about.  Do you remember, we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time. You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine.  Do you remember all the city lights on the water? You saw me start to believe for the first time. You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine.  And I remember that fight, Two-thirty AM, As everything was slipping right out of our hands. I ran out crying and you followed me out into the street. Braced myself for the "Goodbye" 'Cause that's all I've ever known. Then you took me by surprise. You said, "I'll never leave you alone."  You said, "I remember how we felt sitting by the water. And every time I look at you, it's like the first time. I fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter. She is the best thing that's ever been mine."  Hold on, make it last. Hold on, never turn back.  (Hold on) You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter (Hold on) You are the best thing that's ever been mine.  (Hold on) Do you believe it? (Hold on) We're gonna make it now. (Hold on) And I can see it, (Yes, yes) I can see it now (see it now, see it now)|Country
taylorswift|Sparks Fly|The way you move is like a full-on rainstorm And I'm a house of cards You're the kind of reckless That should send me runnin' But I kinda know that I won't get far And you stood there in front of me Just close enough to touch Close enough to hope you couldn't see What I was thinking of  Drop everything now Meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk Take away the pain 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile  My mind forgets to remind me You're a bad idea You touch me once and it's really something, You find I'm even better than you imagined I would be. I'm on my guard for the rest of the world But with you I know it's no good And I could wait patiently but I really wish you would...  Drop everything now Meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk Take away the pain 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile  I'll run my fingers through your hair and watch the lights go wild. Just keep on keeping your eyes on me, it's just wrong enough to make it feel right. And lead me up the staircase Won't you whisper soft and slow? I'm captivated by you, baby, like a firework show.  Drop everything now, Meet me in the pouring rain, Kiss me on the sidewalk, Take away the pain 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile. Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile  And the sparks fly... Oh, baby, smile... And the sparks fly...|Country
taylorswift|Back to December|I'm so glad you made time to see me. How's life? Tell me how's your family? I haven't seen them in a while.  You've been good, busier than ever. We small-talk, work and the weather. Your guard is up and I know why.  Because the last time you saw me is still burned in the back of your mind. You gave me roses and I left them there to die.  So this is me swallowing my pride, Standing in front of you, saying, "I'm sorry for that night," And I go back to December all the time.  It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine. I'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right. I go back to December all the time.  These days I haven't been sleeping, Staying up, playing back myself leavin'. When your birthday passed and I didn't call.  And I think about summer, all the beautiful times, I watched you laughing from the passenger side. And realized I loved you in the fall.  And then the cold came, the dark days when fear crept into my mind You gave me all your love and all I gave you was "Goodbye".  So this is me swallowing my pride, Standing in front of you, saying, "I'm sorry for that night." And I go back to December all the time.  It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine. I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind. I go back to December all the time.  I miss your tanned skin, your sweet smile. So good to me, so right. And how you held me in your arms that September night: The first time you ever saw me cry.  Maybe this is wishful thinking, Probably mindless dreaming, But if we loved again, I swear I'd love you right.  I'd go back in time and change it but I can't. So if the chain is on your door I understand.  But this is me swallowing my pride, Standing in front of you, saying, "I'm sorry for that night." And I go back to December.  It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine. I'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right. I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind  I go back to December all the time. All the time.|Country
taylorswift|Speak Now|I am not the kind of girl Who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion But you are not the kind of boy Who should be marrying the wrong girl  I sneak in and see your friends And her snotty little family all dressed in pastel And she is yelling at a bridesmaid Somewhere back inside a room Wearing a gown shaped like a pastry  This is surely not what you thought it would be I lose myself in a daydream Where I stand and say  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Don’t say "Yes", run away now I’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door Don’t wait or say a single vow You need to hear me out And they said, "Speak now."  Fond gestures are exchanged And the organ starts to play A song that sounds like a death march And I am hiding in the curtains It seems that I was uninvited by your lovely bride-to-be  She floats down the aisle like a pageant queen But I know you wish it was me, You wish it was me, Don’t you?  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Don’t say "Yes", run away now, I’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door. Don’t wait or say a single vow, You need to hear me out, And they said, "Speak now." Don’t say "Yes", run away now, I’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door. Don’t wait or say a single vow, Your time is running out, And they said, "Speak now."  Oh, la, la Oh, oh Say a single vow  I hear the preacher say, "Speak now or forever hold your peace." There’s the silence, there’s my last chance. I stand up with shaky hands, all eyes on me. Horrified looks from everyone in the room But I’m only looking at you.  I am not the kind of girl Who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion But you are not the kind of boy Who should be marrying the wrong girl  <i>[Chorus:]</i> So, don’t say "Yes", run away now, I’ll meet you when you’re out of the church at the back door. Don’t wait or say a single vow, You need to hear me out, And they said, "Speak now." And you say, "Let’s run away now, I’ll meet you when I’m out of my tux at the back door. Baby, I didn’t say my vows, So glad you were around When they said, "Speak now."|Country
taylorswift|Dear John|Long were the nights When my days once revolved around you Counting my footsteps Praying the floor won't fall through Again  And my mother accused me of losing my mind But I swore I was fine  You paint me a blue sky And go back and turn it to rain And I lived in your chess game But you changed the rules every day  Wonderin' which version of you I might get on the phone tonight. Well, I stopped pickin' up, and this song is to let you know why.  Dear John, I see it all now that you're gone. Don't you think I was too young to be messed With? The girl in the dress Cried the whole way home. I should've known.  Well, maybe it's me And my blind optimism To blame. Or maybe it's you and your sick need To give love then take it away.  And you'll add my name To your long list of traitors Who don't understand. And I look back in regret. How I ignored when they said, "Run as fast as you can."  Dear John, I see it all now that you're gone. Don't you think I was too young to be messed With? The girl in the dress Cried the whole way home.  Dear John, I see it all now. It was wrong. Don't you think nineteen's too young to be played By your dark twisted games? When I loved you so. I should've known.  You are an expert at "Sorry" And keeping lines blurry. Never impressed by me acing your tests. All the girls that you've run dry Have tired lifeless eyes 'Cause you've burned them out.  But I took your matches Before fire could catch me. So, don't look now. I'm shining like fireworks Over your sad empty town.  Dear John, I see it all now that you're gone. Don't you think I was too young to be messed With? The girl in the dress Cried the whole way home.  I see it all now that you're gone Don't you think I was too young to be messed With? The girl in the dress Wrote you a song. You should've known.  You should've known. Don't you think I was too young? You should've known.|Country
taylorswift|Mean|You, with your words like knives And swords and weapons that you use against me You have knocked me off my feet again Got me feeling like a nothing You, with your voice like nails on a chalkboard Calling me out when I'm wounded You, picking on the weaker man  Well you can take me down with just one single blow But you don't know, what you don't know...  Someday I'll be living in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is mean Someday I'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean?  You, with your switching sides And your wildfire lies and your humiliation You have pointed out my flaws again As if I don't already see them I walk with my head down Trying to block you out 'cause I'll never impress you I just wanna feel okay again  I bet you got pushed around Somebody made you cold But the cycle ends right now 'Cause you can't lead me down that road And you don't know, what you don't know...  Someday I'll be living in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is mean Someday I'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean?  And I can see you years from now in a bar Talking over a football game With that same big loud opinion But nobody's listening Washed up and ranting about the same old bitter things Drunk and grumbling on about how I can't sing But all you are is mean  All you are is mean And a liar, and pathetic, and alone in life And mean, and mean, and mean, and mean  But someday I'll be living in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is mean, yeah Someday I'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so?...  Someday I'll be living in a big old city (Why you gotta be so?...) And all you're ever gonna be is mean (Why you gotta be so?...) Someday I'll be big enough so you can't hit me (Why you gotta be so?...) And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean?|Country
taylorswift|The Story of Us|I used to think one day we'd tell the story of us, How we met and the sparks flew instantly, And people would say, "They're the lucky ones." I used to know my place was the spot next to you. Now I'm searching the room for an empty seat, 'Cause lately I don't even know what page you're on.  Oh, a simple complication, Miscommunications lead to fall-out. So many things that I wish you knew. So many walls up I can't break through.  Now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking. And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.  Next chapter.  How'd we end up this way? See me nervously pulling at my clothes and trying to look busy, And you're doing your best to avoid me. I'm starting to think one day I'll tell the story of us, How I was losing my mind when I saw you here, But you held your pride like you should've held me.  Oh, I'm scared to see the ending, Why are we pretending this is nothing? I'd tell you I miss you but I don't know how. I've never heard silence quite this loud.  Now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking. And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.  This is looking like a contest Of who can act like they care less, But I liked it better when you were on my side.  The battle's in your hands now, But I would lay my armour down If you said you'd rather love than fight.  So many things that you wish I knew, But the story of us might be ending soon.  Now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking. And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? But I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now, now, now.  ...and we're not speaking. And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate 'cause we're going down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.  The end.|Country
taylorswift|Never Grow Up|Your little hand's wrapped around my finger And it's so quiet in the world tonight Your little eyelids flutter cause you're dreaming So I tuck you in, turn on your favorite night light To you everything's funny, you got nothing to regret I'd give all I have, honey If you could stay like that  Oh darling, don't you ever grow up Don't you ever grow up, just stay this little Oh darling, don't you ever grow up Don't you ever grow up, it could stay this simple I won't let nobody hurt you, won't let no one break your heart And no one will desert you Just try to never grow up, never grow up  You're in the car on the way to the movies And you're mortified your mom's dropping you off At 14 there's just so much you can't do And you can't wait to move out someday and call your own shots But don't make her drop you off around the block Remember that she's getting older too And don't lose the way that you dance around in your pj's getting ready for school  Oh darling, don't you ever grow up Don't you ever grow up, just stay this little Oh darling, don't you ever grow up Don't you ever grow up, it could stay this simple No one's ever burned you, nothing's ever left you scarred And even though you want to, just try to never grow up  Take pictures in your mind of your childhood room Memorize what it sounded like when your dad gets home Remember the footsteps, remember the words said And all your little brother's favorite songs I just realized everything I have is someday gonna be gone  So here I am in my new apartment In a big city, they just dropped me off It's so much colder than I thought it would be So I tuck myself in and turn my night light on  Wish I'd never grown up I wish I'd never grown up  Oh I don't wanna grow up, wish I'd never grown up I could still be little Oh I don't wanna grow up, wish I'd never grown up It could still be simple Oh darling, don't you ever grow up Don't you ever grow up, just stay this little Oh darling, don't you ever grow up Don't you ever grow up, it could stay this simple Won't let nobody hurt you Won't let no one break your heart And even though you want to, please try to never grow up Oh, don't you ever grow up Oh, never grow up, just never grow up|Country
taylorswift|Enchanted|There I was again tonight Forcing laughter, faking smiles Same old tired lonely place  Walls of insincerity, Shifting eyes and vacancy Vanished when I saw your face  All I can say is it was enchanting to meet you  Your eyes whispered, "Have we met?" Across the room your silhouette Starts to make its way to me The playful conversation starts Counter all your quick remarks Like passing notes in secrecy  And it was enchanting to meet you All I can say is I was enchanted to meet you  This night is sparkling, don't you let it go I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home I'll spend forever wondering if you knew I was enchanted to meet you  The lingering question kept me up 2 AM, who do you love? I wonder 'til I'm wide awake And now I'm pacing back and forth Wishing you were at my door I'd open up and you would say, "Hey, It was enchanting to meet you, All I know is I was enchanted to meet you."  This night is sparkling, don't you let it go I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home I'll spend forever wondering if you knew This night is flawless, don't you let it go I'm wonderstruck, dancing around all alone I'll spend forever wondering if you knew I was enchanted to meet you  This is me praying that This was the very first page Not where the story line ends My thoughts will echo your name Until I see you again These are the words I held back As I was leaving too soon I was enchanted to meet you  Please don't be in love with someone else Please don't have somebody waiting on you Please don't be in love with someone else Please don't have somebody waiting on you  This night is sparkling, don't you let it go I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home I'll spend forever wondering if you knew This night is flawless, don't you let it go I'm wonderstruck, dancing around all alone I'll spend forever wondering if you knew I was enchanted to meet you  Please don't be in love with someone else Please don't have somebody waiting on you|Country
taylorswift|Better Than Revenge|"Now go stand in the corner and think about what you did."  Time for a little revenge  The story starts when it was hot and it was summer and... I had it all, I had him right there where I wanted him She came along, got him alone and let's hear the applause She took him faster than you could say "sabotage"  I never saw it coming, wouldn't have suspected it I underestimated just who I was dealing with She had to know the pain was beating on me like a drum She underestimated just who she was stealing from  She's not a saint And she's not what you think She's an actress She's better known For the things that she does on the mattress  Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground won't make you many friends She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge  She looks at life like it's a party and she's on the list She looks at me like I'm a trend and she's so over it I think her ever-present frown is a little troubling She thinks I'm psycho 'cause I like to rhyme her name with things  But sophistication isn't what you wear or who you know Or pushing people down to get you where you wanna go They wouldn't teach you that in prep school so it's up to me But no amount of vintage dresses gives you dignity  She's not a saint And she's not what you think She's an actress She's better known For the things that she does On the mattress  Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground won't make you many friends She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge  I'm just another thing for you to roll your eyes at, honey You might have him but haven't you heard I'm just another thing for you to roll your eyes at, honey You might have him but I always get the last word  She's not a saint And she's not what you think She's an actress (she deserve it) She's better known For the things that she does on the mattress  Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground won't make you many friends She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge  Do you still feel like you know what you're doing? 'Cause I don't think you do. Do you still feel like you know what you're doing? I don't think you do I don't think you do  Let's hear the applause Come on show me how much better you are (so much better, yeah?) So you deserve some applause 'cause you're so much better  She took him faster than you could say "sabotage"|Country
taylorswift|Innocent|I guess you really did it this time Left yourself in your warpath Lost your balance on a tightrope Lost your mind tryin' to get it back  Wasn't it easier in your lunchbox days? Always a bigger bed to crawl into Wasn't it beautiful when you believed in everything And everybody believed in you?  It's alright, just wait and see Your string of lights is still bright to me Oh, who you are is not where you've been You're still an innocent You're still an innocent  Did some things you can't speak of But at night you live it all again You wouldn't be shattered on the floor now If only you had seen what you know now then  Wasn't it easier in your firefly-catchin' days? When everything out of reach Someone bigger brought down to you Wasn't it beautiful runnin' wild 'til you fell asleep Before the monsters caught up to you?  It's alright, just wait and see Your string of lights is still bright to me Oh, who you are is not what you've been You're still an innocent It's okay, life is a tough crowd 32, and still growin' up now Who you are is not what you did You're still an innocent  Time turns flames to embers You'll have new Septembers Every one of us has messed up too Minds change like the weather I hope you remember Today is never too late to be brand new  It's alright, just wait and see Your string of lights is still bright to me Oh, who you are is not what you've been You're still an innocent It's okay, life is a tough crowd 32, and still growin' up now Who you are is not what you did You're still an innocent You're still an innocent  Lost your balance on a tightrope It's never too late to get it back|Country
taylorswift|Haunted|You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time But I never thought I'd live to see it break It's getting dark and it's all so quiet And I can't trust anything now And it's coming over you like it's all a big mistake  Oh, I'm holding my breath Won't lose you again Something's made your eyes go cold  Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Something's gone terribly wrong You're all I wanted Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Can't breathe whenever you're gone Can't turn back now, I'm haunted  Stood there and watched you walk away From everything we had But I still mean every word I said to you He will try to take away my pain And he just might make me smile But the whole time I'm wishing he was you instead  Oh, I'm holding my breath Won't see you again Something keeps me holding on to nothing  Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Something's gone terribly wrong You're all I wanted Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Can't breathe whenever you're gone Can't turn back now, I'm haunted  I know, I know, I just know You're not gone. You can't be gone. No  Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Something's gone terribly wrong Won't finish what you started Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Can't breathe whenever you're gone Can't go back, I'm haunted  Oh  You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time Never thought I'd see it break Never thought I'd see it...|Country
taylorswift|Last Kiss|I still remember the look on your face Lit through the darkness at 1:58 The words that you whispered For just us to know You told me you loved me So why did you go away? Away  I do recall now the smell of the rain Fresh on the pavement I ran off the plane That July 9th The beat of your heart It jumps through your shirt I can still feel your arms  But now I'll go sit on the floor Wearing your clothes All that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss I never thought we'd have a last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name, forever the name on my lips  I do remember the swing of your step The life of the party, you're showing off again And I roll my eyes and then You pull me in I'm not much for dancing But for you I did  Because I love your handshake, meeting my father I love how you walk with your hands in your pockets How you kissed me when I was in the middle of saying something There's not a day I don't miss those rude interruptions  And I'll go sit on the floor Wearing your clothes All that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss Never thought we'd have a last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name, forever the name on my lips  So I'll watch your life in pictures like I used to watch you sleep And I feel you forget me like I used to feel you breathe And I keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you are Hope it's nice where you are  And I hope the sun shines And it's a beautiful day And something reminds you You wish you had stayed You can plan for a change in weather and time But I never planned on you changing your mind  So I'll go sit on the floor Wearing your clothes All that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss Never thought we'd have a last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name, forever the name on my lips  Just like our last kiss Forever the name on my lips Forever the name on my lips  Just like our last...|Country
taylorswift|Long Live|I said remember this moment In the back of my mind The time we stood with our shaking hands The crowds in stands went wild  We were the kings and the queens And they read off our names The night you danced like you knew Our lives would never be the same  You held your head like a hero On a history book page It was the end of a decade But the start of an age  Long live the walls we crashed through How the kingdom lights shined just for me and you I was screaming long live all the magic we made And bring on all the pretenders One day, we will be remembered  I said remember this feeling I pass the pictures around Of all the years that we stood there On the side-lines wishing for right now  We are the kings and the queens You traded your baseball cap for a crown When they gave us our trophies And we held them up for our town  And the cynics were outraged Screaming, "This is absurd!" 'Cause for a moment a band of thieves In ripped-up jeans got to rule the world  Long live the walls we crashed through How the kingdom lights shined just for me and you I was screaming long live all the magic we made And bring on all the pretenders I'm not afraid  Long live all the mountains we moved I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you I was screaming long live that look on your face And bring on all the pretenders One day, we will be remembered  Hold on to spinning around Confetti falls to the ground May these memories break our fall  Will you take a moment, Promise me this That you'll stand by me forever But if God forbid fate should step in  And force us into a goodbye If you have children some day When they point to the pictures Please tell them my name  Tell them how the crowds went wild Tell them how I hope they shine  Long live the walls we crashed through I had the time of my life, with you  Long, long live the walls we crashed through How the kingdom lights shined just for me and you And I was screaming long live all the magic we made And bring on all the pretenders I'm not afraid  Singing, long live all the mountains we moved I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you And long, long live that look on your face And bring on all the pretenders One day, we will be remembered|Country
taylorswift|Ours|Elevator buttons and morning air Strangers' silence makes me wanna take the stairs If you were here we'd laugh about their vacant stares But right now my time is theirs  Seems like there's always someone who disapproves They'll judge it like they know about me and you And the verdict comes from those with nothing else to do The jury's out, but my choice is you  So don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine And life makes love look hard The stakes are high, the water's rough But this love is ours  You never know what people have up their sleeves Ghosts from your past gonna jump out at me Lurking in the shadows with their lip gloss smiles But I don't care 'cause right now you're mine  And you'll say Don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine And life makes love look hard The stakes are high, the water's rough But this love is ours  And it's not theirs to speculate If it's wrong and Your hands are tough But they are where mine belong and I'll fight their doubt and give you faith With this song for you  'Cause I love the gap between your teeth And I love the riddles that you speak And any snide remarks from my father about your tattoos will be ignored 'Cause my heart is yours  So don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine And life makes love look hard Don't you worry your pretty little mind People throw rocks at things that shine But they can't take what's ours They can't take what's ours  The stakes are high, the water's rough But this love is ours|Country
taylorswift|If This Was a Movie|Last night I heard my own heart beating Sounded like footsteps on my stairs Six months gone and I'm still reaching Even though I know you're not there I was playing back a thousand memories, baby Thinking 'bout everything we've been through Maybe I've been going back too much lately When time stood still and I had you  Come back, come back, come back to me like You would, you would if this was a movie Stand in the rain outside 'til I came out Come back, come back, come back to me like You could, you could if you just said you're sorry I know that we could work it out somehow But if this was a movie you'd be here by now  I know people change and these things happen But I remember how it was back then Locked up in your arms and our friends are laughing 'Cause nothing like this ever happened to them, Now I'm pacing down the hall, chasing down your street Flashback to the night when you said to me, "Nothing's gonna change, not for me and you, Not before I knew how much I had to lose."  Come back, come back, come back to me like You would, you would if this was a movie Stand in the rain outside 'til I came out Come back, come back, come back to me like You could, you could if you just said you're sorry I know that we could work it out somehow But if this was a movie you'd be here by now  If you're out there, If you're somewhere, If you're moving on, I've been waiting for you. Ever since you've been gone I just want it back the way it was before. And I just wanna see you back at my front door. And I'd say  Come back, come back, come back to me like You would before you said, "It's not that easy." Before the fight, before I locked you out But I take it all back now  Come back, come back, come back to me like You would, you would if this was a movie Stand in the rain outside 'til I came out Come back, come back, come back to me like You could, you could if you just said you're sorry I know that we could work it out somehow But if this was a movie you'd be here by now  You'd be here by now It's not the kind of ending you wanna see now Baby, what about the ending Oh, I thought you'd be here by now, whoa Thought you'd be here by now|Country
taylorswift|Superman|Tall, dark and superman He puts papers in his briefcase and drives away To save the world or go to work It's the same thing to me He's got his mother's eyes, his father's ambition I wonder if he knows how much that I miss him I hang on every word you say  And you smile and say, "How are you?" I'll say, "Just fine." I always forget to tell you, I love you, I'll love you forever  I watch superman fly away You've got a busy day today Go save the world, I'll be around And I watch superman fly away Come back I'll be with you someday I'll be right here on the ground When you come back down  Tall, dark and beautiful He's complicated, he's irrational But I hope someday you'll take me away and save the day, yeah Something in his deep brown eyes has me sayin' He's not all bad like his reputation And I can't hear one single word they say  And you'll leave, got places to be And I'll be OK I always forget to tell you I love you, I loved you from the very first day  I watch superman fly away You've got a busy day today Go save the world I'll be around And I watch superman fly away Come back I'll be with you someday I'll be right here on the ground When you come back down  And I watch you fly around the world And I hope you don't save some other girl Don't forget, don't forget about me I'm far away but I never let you go I'm love-struck and looking out the window Don't forget, don't forget where I'll be Right here wishing the flowers were from you Wishing the card was from you Wishing the call was from you  'Cause I loved you from the very first day  I watch superman fly away You've got a busy day today Go save the world, I'll be around Forever and ever here I watch superman fly away I swear I'll be with you someday I'll be right here on the ground When you come back down  When you come back down|Country
taylorswift|Back to December|I'm so glad you made time to see me. How's life? Tell me how's your family? I haven't seen them in a while.  You've been good, busier than ever. We small-talk, work and the weather. Your guard is up and I know why.  Because the last time you saw me is still burned in the back of your mind. You gave me roses and I left them there to die.  So this is me swallowing my pride, Standing in front of you, saying, "I'm sorry for that night," And I go back to December all the time.  It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine. I'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right. I go back to December all the time.  These days I haven't been sleeping, Staying up, playing back myself leavin'. When your birthday passed and I didn't call.  And I think about summer, all the beautiful times, I watched you laughing from the passenger side. And realized I loved you in the fall.  And then the cold came, the dark days when fear crept into my mind You gave me all your love and all I gave you was "Goodbye".  So this is me swallowing my pride, Standing in front of you, saying, "I'm sorry for that night." And I go back to December all the time.  It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine. I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind. I go back to December all the time.  I miss your tanned skin, your sweet smile. So good to me, so right. And how you held me in your arms that September night: The first time you ever saw me cry.  Maybe this is wishful thinking, Probably mindless dreaming, But if we loved again, I swear I'd love you right.  I'd go back in time and change it but I can't. So if the chain is on your door I understand.  But this is me swallowing my pride, Standing in front of you, saying, "I'm sorry for that night." And I go back to December.  It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine. I'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right. I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind  I go back to December all the time. All the time.|Country
taylorswift|Haunted|You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time But I never thought I'd live to see it break It's getting dark and it's all so quiet And I can't trust anything now And it's coming over you like it's all a big mistake  Oh, I'm holding my breath Won't lose you again Something's made your eyes go cold  Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Something's gone terribly wrong You're all I wanted Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Can't breathe whenever you're gone Can't turn back now, I'm haunted  Stood there and watched you walk away From everything we had But I still mean every word I said to you He will try to take away my pain And he just might make me smile But the whole time I'm wishing he was you instead  Oh, I'm holding my breath Won't see you again Something keeps me holding on to nothing  Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Something's gone terribly wrong You're all I wanted Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Can't breathe whenever you're gone Can't turn back now, I'm haunted  I know, I know, I just know You're not gone. You can't be gone. No  Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Something's gone terribly wrong Won't finish what you started Come on, come on, don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Can't breathe whenever you're gone Can't go back, I'm haunted  Oh  You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time Never thought I'd see it break Never thought I'd see it...|Country
taylorswift|Mine|You were in college working part time waiting tables, Left a small town, never looked back. I was a flight risk with a fear of fallin' Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts.  I say, "Can you believe it?" As we're lying on the couch The moment I can see it. Yes, yes, I can see it now.  Do you remember, we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time. You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine.  Flash forward and we're taking on the world together, And there's a drawer of my things at your place. You learn my secrets and you figure out why I'm guarded, You say we'll never make my parents' mistakes.  But we got bills to pay, We got nothing figured out, When it was hard to take, Yes, yes, this is what I thought about.  Do you remember, we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time. You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine.  Do you remember all the city lights on the water? You saw me start to believe for the first time. You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine.  And I remember that fight, Two-thirty AM, As everything was slipping right out of our hands. I ran out crying and you followed me out into the street. Braced myself for the "Goodbye" 'Cause that's all I've ever known. Then you took me by surprise. You said, "I'll never leave you alone."  You said, "I remember how we felt sitting by the water. And every time I look at you, it's like the first time. I fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter. She is the best thing that's ever been mine."  Hold on, make it last. Hold on, never turn back.  (Hold on) You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter (Hold on) You are the best thing that's ever been mine.  (Hold on) Do you believe it? (Hold on) We're gonna make it now. (Hold on) And I can see it, (Yes, yes) I can see it now (see it now, see it now)|Country
taylorswift|The Story of Us|I used to think one day we'd tell the story of us, How we met and the sparks flew instantly, And people would say, "They're the lucky ones." I used to know my place was the spot next to you. Now I'm searching the room for an empty seat, 'Cause lately I don't even know what page you're on.  Oh, a simple complication, Miscommunications lead to fall-out. So many things that I wish you knew. So many walls up I can't break through.  Now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking. And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.  Next chapter.  How'd we end up this way? See me nervously pulling at my clothes and trying to look busy, And you're doing your best to avoid me. I'm starting to think one day I'll tell the story of us, How I was losing my mind when I saw you here, But you held your pride like you should've held me.  Oh, I'm scared to see the ending, Why are we pretending this is nothing? I'd tell you I miss you but I don't know how. I've never heard silence quite this loud.  Now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking. And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.  This is looking like a contest Of who can act like they care less, But I liked it better when you were on my side.  The battle's in your hands now, But I would lay my armour down If you said you'd rather love than fight.  So many things that you wish I knew, But the story of us might be ending soon.  Now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking. And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? But I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now, now, now.  ...and we're not speaking. And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate 'cause we're going down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.  The end.|Country
taylorswift|Welcome to New York|Walking through a crowd The village is aglow Kaleidoscope of loud Heartbeats under coats Everybody here Wanted something more Searching for a sound we hadn't Heard before And it said  Welcome to New York It's been waiting for you Welcome to New York Welcome to New York Welcome to New York It's been waiting for you Welcome to New York Welcome to New York  It's a new soundtrack I could dance to this beat, beat Forevermore The lights are so bright But they never blind me, me Welcome to New York It's been waiting for you Welcome to New York Welcome to New York  When we first dropped our bags on Apartment floors Took our broken hearts Put them in a drawer Everybody here was someone else Before And you can want who you want Boys and boys and Girls and girls  Welcome to New York It's been waiting for you Welcome to New York Welcome to New York Welcome to New York It's been waiting for you Welcome to New York Welcome to New York  It's a new soundtrack I could dance to this beat, beat Forevermore The lights are so bright But they never blind me, me Welcome to New York (New York) It's been waiting for you Welcome to New York Welcome to New York  Like any great love it keeps you Guessing Like any real love It's ever changing Like any true love  It drives you crazy But you know you wouldn't Change anything anything Anything  Welcome to New York It's been waiting for you Welcome to New York Welcome to New York Welcome to New York It's been waiting for you Welcome to New York Welcome to New York  It's a new soundtrack I could dance to this beat The lights are so bright But they never blind me Welcome to New York New soundtrack It's been waiting for you Welcome to New York The lights are so bright But they never blind me Welcome to New York So bright They never blind me Welcome to New York Welcome to New York|Country
taylorswift|Blank Space|Nice to meet you, where you been? I could show you incredible things Magic, madness, heaven, sin Saw you there and I thought Oh my God, look at that face You look like my next mistake Love's a game, wanna play?  New money, suit and tie I can read you like a magazine Ain't it funny, rumors fly And I know you heard about me So hey, let's be friends I'm dying to see how this one ends Grab your passport and my hand I can make the bad guys good for a weekend  So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game  'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name  Cherry lips, crystal skies I could show you incredible things Stolen kisses, pretty lies You're the King, baby, I'm your Queen Find out what you want Be that girl for a month Wait, the worst is yet to come, oh no  Screaming, crying, perfect storms I can make all the tables turn Rose garden filled with thorns Keep you second guessing like "Oh my God, who is she?" I get drunk on jealousy But you'll come back each time you leave 'Cause, darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream  So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game  'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name  Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't say, I didn't warn ya Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't say, I didn't warn ya  So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game  'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name|Country
taylorswift|Style|Midnight, You come and pick me up, no headlights Long drive, Could end in burning flames or paradise Fade into view, oh, it's been a while since I have even heard from you (heard from you)  I should just tell you to leave 'cause I Know exactly where it leads but I Watch us go 'round and 'round each time  You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style  You got that long hair, slicked back, white t-shirt And I got that good girl faith and a tight little skirt And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style.  So it goes He can't keep his wild eyes on the road Takes me home Lights are off, he's taking off his coat, hmm, yeah. I say, "I heard, oh, that you've been out and about with some other girl, some other girl."  He says, "What you've heard is true but I Can't stop thinking about you," and I... I said, "I've been there, too, a few times."  'Cause you got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style  You got that long hair, slicked back, white t-shirt And I got that good girl faith and a tight little skirt (tight little skirt) And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style  Take me home Just take me home, yeah. Just take me home (out of style)  You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye And I got that red lip classic thing that you like And when we go crashing down, we come back every time 'Cause we never go out of style We never go out of style|Country
taylorswift|Out of the Woods|Looking at it now It all seems so simple We were lying on your couch I remember You took a Polaroid of us Then discovered (then discovered) The rest of the world was black and white But we were in screaming color And I remember thinking…  Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods?  Looking at it now Last December (last December) We were built to fall apart Then fall back together (back together) Your necklace hanging from my neck The night we couldn't quite forget When we decided (we decided) To move the furniture so we could dance Baby, like we stood a chance Two paper airplanes flying, flying, flying And I remember thinkin'  Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods?  Remember when you hit the brakes too soon? Twenty stitches in the hospital room When you started cryin', baby, I did, too But when the sun came up, I was lookin' at you Remember when we couldn't take the heat I walked out and said, "I'm settin' you free" But the monsters turned out to be just trees And when the sun came up, you were lookin' at me  You were lookin' at me You were lookin' at me I remember, oh, I remember  Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good|Country
taylorswift|All You Had to Do Was Stay|People like you always want back the love they gave away And people like me wanna believe you when you say you've changed The more I think about it now the less I know All I know is that you drove us off the road  Stay Hey, all you had to do was stay Had me in the palm of your hand Then why'd you have to go and lock me out when I let you in? Stay Hey, now you say you want it back Now that it's just too late Well, it could've been easy All you had to do was stay  All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay  Here you are now, calling me up, but I don't know what to say I've been picking up the pieces of the mess you made People like you always want back the love they pushed aside But people like me are gone forever when you say goodbye  Stay Hey, all you had to do was stay Had me in the palm of your hand Then why'd you have to go and lock me out when I let you in? Stay Hey, now you say you want it back Now that it's just too late Well, it could've been easy All you had to do was stay  All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay, stay, stay, stay, stay  Let me remind you This was what you wanted You ended it You were all I wanted But not like this Not like this Not like this  Oh, all you had to do was...  Stay Hey, all you had to do was stay Had me in the palm of your hand Then why'd you have to go and lock me out when I let you in? Stay Hey, now you say you want it back Now that it's just too late Well, it could've been easy All you had to do was stay  Hey, all you had to do was stay Had me in the palm of your hand Then why'd you have to go and lock me out when I let you in? Stay Hey, now you say you want it back Now that it's just too late (All you had to do was stay) Well, it could've been easy All you had to do was stay  All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay All you had to do was stay|Country
taylorswift|Shake It Off|I stay out too late Got nothing in my brain That's what people say, mmm-mmm That's what people say, mmm-mmm  I go on too many dates <i>[chuckle]</i> But I can't make them stay At least that's what people say, mmm-mmm That's what people say, mmm-mmm  But I keep cruising Can't stop, won't stop moving It's like I got this music In my mind Saying, "It's gonna be alright."  'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off Heart-breakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off  I never miss a beat I'm lightning on my feet And that's what they don't see, mmm-mmm That's what they don't see, mmm-mmm  I'm dancing on my own (dancing on my own) I make the moves up as I go (moves up as I go) And that's what they don't know, mmm-mmm That's what they don't know, mmm-mmm  But I keep cruising Can't stop, won't stop grooving It's like I got this music In my mind Saying, "It's gonna be alright."  'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off Heart-breakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off  Shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off  Hey, hey, hey Just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars and the dirty, dirty cheats of the world, You could've been getting down to this sick beat.  My ex-man brought his new girlfriend She's like "Oh, my god!" but I'm just gonna shake. And to the fella over there with the hella good hair Won't you come on over, baby? We can shake, shake, shake  Yeah ohhh  'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate (haters gonna hate) I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off Heart-breakers gonna break, break, break, break, break (mmmm) And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake (and fake, and fake, and fake) Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off  Shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off  Shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off  Shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (you've got to), I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off|Country
taylorswift|I Wish You Would|It's 2 AM in your car Windows down, you pass my street, the memories start You say it's in the past, you drive straight ahead You're thinking that I hate you now 'Cause you still don't know what I never said  I wish you would come back, Wish I never hung up the phone like I did. And I wish you knew that I'll never forget you as long as I live. And I wish you were right here, right now, it's all good. I wish you would  It's 2 AM in my room. Headlights pass the window pane, I think of you. We're a crooked love in a straight line down. Makes you wanna run and hide Then it makes you turn right back around  I wish you would come back, Wish I never hung up the phone like I did. I wish you knew that I'll never forget you as long as I live. And I wish you were right here, right now, it's all good. I wish you would  I wish we could go back And remember what we were fighting for. And I wish you knew that I miss you too much to be mad anymore And I wish you were right here, right now, it's all good. I wish you would  I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish.  You always knew how to push my buttons You give me everything and nothing This mad mad love makes you come running To stand back where you stood I wish you would, I wish you would I wish you would, I wish you would  I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish...  2 AM, here we are See your face, hear my voice in the dark We're a crooked love in a straight line down Makes you wanna run and hide But it made us turn right back around  I wish you would come back Wish I never hung up the phone like I did I wish you knew that I'll never forget you as long as I live. And I wish you were right here, right now, it's all good. I wish you would  I wish you would come back, Wish I never hung up the phone like I did. And I wish you knew that I'll never forget you as long as I live. And I wish you were right here, right now, it's all good. I wish you would  I wish we could go back And remember what we were fighting for. And I wish you knew that I miss you too much to be mad anymore. And I wish you were right here, right now, it's all good. I wish you would  You always knew how to push my buttons You give me everything and nothing This mad mad love makes you come running To stand back where you stood I wish you would, I wish you would I wish you would, I wish you would  I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish you would|Country
taylorswift|Bad Blood|'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve them You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we got bad blood Hey  Did you have to do this? I was thinking that you could be trusted Did you have to ruin what was shiny? Now it's all rusted Did you have to hit me, where I'm weak? Baby, I couldn't breathe And rub it in so deep, salt in the wound like you're laughing right at me  Oh, it's so sad to think about the good times, you and I  'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve them You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we got bad blood Hey  Did you think we'd be fine? Still got scars on my back from your knife So don't think it's in the past, these kinda wounds they last and they last. Now did you think it all through? All these things will catch up to you And time can heal but this won't, so if you're coming my way, just don't  Oh, it's so sad to think about the good times, you and I  'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve them You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we got bad blood Hey  Band-aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show If you live like that, you live with ghosts (ghosts) Band-aids don't fix bullet holes (hey) You say sorry just for show (hey) If you live like that, you live with ghosts (hey) Mhmmm If you love like that blood runs cold  'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love (mad love) So take a look what you've done 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve them (think we can solve them) You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we got bad blood (Hey)  'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done (look what you've done) 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood Hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve them You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we got bad blood Hey|Country
taylorswift|Wildest Dreams|He said, "Let's get out of this town Drive out of the city, away from the crowds" I thought heaven can't help me now Nothing lasts forever, but this is gonna take me down  He's so tall and handsome as hell He's so bad but he does it so well I can see the end as it begins My one condition is  Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again Even if it's just in your Wildest dreams, ah-ha oh Wildest dreams, ah-ha oh  I said, "No one has to know what we do" His hands are in my hair, his clothes are in my room And his voice is a familiar sound Nothing lasts forever but this is getting good now  He's so tall and handsome as hell He's so bad but he does it so well And when we've had our very last kiss My last request it is  Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again Even if it's just in your Wildest dreams, ah-ha oh Wildest dreams, ah-ha oh  You see me in hindsight Tangled up with you all night Burning it down Someday when you leave me I bet these memories Follow you around  You'll see me in hindsight Tangled up with you all night Burning it down Someday when you leave me I bet these memories Follow you around  Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again Even if it's just pretend  Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe Red lips and rosy cheeks Say you'll see me again Even if it's just in your (just pretend, just pretend) Wildest dreams, ah-ha oh In your wildest dreams, ah-ha oh (Even if it's just in your wildest dreams) ah-ha In your wildest dreams, ah-ha|Country
taylorswift|How You Get the Girl|Oh oh oh. Oh-oh.  Stand there like a ghost shaking from the rain (rain). She'll open up the door and say, "Are you insane ('ane)?" Say it's been a long 6 months And you were too afraid to tell her what you want (want)  And that's how it works. That's how you get the girl. And then you say,  "I want you for worse or for better, I would wait forever and ever, Broke your heart, I'll put it back together. I would wait forever and ever."  And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl... Oh.  And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl...  Remind her how it used to be, be (yeah, yeah) With pictures in frames of kisses on cheeks (cheeks) Tell her how you must have lost your mind. (uh-uh) When you left her all alone, and never told her why (why).  And that's how it works. That's how you lost the girl. And now you say,  "I want you for worse or for better, I would wait forever and ever (ever and ever), Broke your heart, I'll put it back together (together). I would wait forever and ever (ever and ever)."  And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl... Oh.  And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl... (Yeah, yeah)  And you know (oh-oh oh oh) That I don't want you to go oh-oh..  Remind me how it used to be. Pictures in frames of kisses on cheeks. And say you want me. Yeah...  And then you say,  "I want you for worse or for better (for worse or for better), I would wait forever and ever (ever and ever), Broke your heart, I'll put it back together. I want you forever and ever (I want you forever and ever)."  <i>[4x]</i> And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, girl. Oh.  That's how it works. That's how you got the girl.|Country
taylorswift|This Love|Clear blue water, high tide came and brought you in And I could go on and on, on and on, and I will Skies grew darker, currents swept you out again And you were just gone and gone, gone and gone  In silent screams, In wildest dreams I never dreamed of this  This love is good, this love is bad This love is alive back from the dead These hands had to let it go free And this love came back to me  Tossing, turning, struggled through the night with someone new And I could go on and on, on and on Lantern burning, flickered in my mind for only you But you're still gone, gone, gone  Been losing grip, On sinking ships You showed up just in time  This love is good, this love is bad This love is alive back from the dead These hands had to let it go free And this love came back to me  This love left a permanent mark This love is glowing in the dark These hands had to let it go free And this love came back to me  This love, this love, this love, this love... <i>[4x]</i>  Your kiss, my cheek, I watched you leave Your smile, my ghost, I fell to my knees When you're young you just run But you come back to what you need  This love is good, this love is bad This love is alive back from the dead These hands had to let it go free And this love came back to me  This love... <i>[in background 'til the end]</i>  This love left a permanent mark This love is glowing in the dark These hands had to let it go free And this love came back to me  This love, this love, this love, this love... <i>[4x]</i>  This love came back to me|Country
taylorswift|I Know Places|(I, I, I, I I, I, I, I I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I)  You stand with your hand on my waistline It's a scene and we're out here in plain sight I can hear them whisper as we pass by It's a bad sign, bad sign Something happens when everybody finds out See the vultures circling dark clouds Love's a fragile little flame, it could burn out It could burn out  Cause they got the cages, they got the boxes And guns They are the hunters, we are the foxes And we run  Baby, I know places we won't be found And they'll be chasing their tails tryin' to track us down Cause I, I know places we can hide I know places, I know places  Lights flash and we'll run for the fences Let them say what they want, we won't hear it Loose lips sink ships all the damn time Not this time  Just grab my hand and don't ever drop it My love They are the hunters, we are the foxes And we run  Baby, I know places we won't be found And they'll be chasing their tails tryin' to track us down Cause I, I know places we can hide I know places  They are the hunters, we are the foxes And we run Just grab my hand and don't ever drop it My love  Baby, I know places we won't be found And they'll be chasing their tails tryin' to track us down Cause I, I know places we can hide I know places  They take their shots, but we're bulletproof I know places And you know for me, it's always you I know places In the dead of night, your eyes so green I know places And I know for you, it's always me I know places  (I, I, I, I I, I, I, I I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I)|Country
taylorswift|Clean|The drought was the very worst When the flowers that we'd grown together died of thirst It was months and months of back and forth You're still all over me like a wine-stained dress I can't wear anymore  Hung my head as I lost the war and the sky turned black like a perfect storm  Rain came pouring down when I was drowning That's when I could finally breathe And by morning gone was any trace of you, I think I am finally clean  There was nothing left to do When the butterflies turned to dust that covered my whole room So I punched a hole in the roof Let the flood carry away all my pictures of you  The water filled my lungs I screamed so loud but no one heard a thing  Rain came pouring down when I was drowning That's when I could finally breathe And by morning gone was any trace of you, I think I am finally clean I think I am finally clean Said I think I am finally clean  10 months sober, I must admit Just because you're clean don't mean you don't miss it 10 months older, I won't give in Now that I'm clean I'm never gonna risk it  The drought was the very worst When the flowers that we'd grown together died of thirst  Rain came pouring down when I was drowning That's when I could finally breathe And by morning gone was any trace of you, I think I am finally clean  Rain came pouring down when I was drowning That's when I could finally breathe And by morning gone was any trace of you I think I am finally clean Finally clean Think I'm finally clean Think I'm finally clean|Country
taylorswift|Wonderland|Flashing lights and we Took a wrong turn and we Fell down a rabbit hole  You held on tight to me 'Cause nothing's as it seems And spinning out of control  Didn't they tell us don't rush into things? Didn't you flash your green eyes at me? Haven't you heard what becomes of curious minds?  Oh  Didn't it all seem new and exciting? I felt your arms twisting around me I should have slept with one eye open at night  We found wonderland You and I got lost in it And we pretended it could last forever Eh We found wonderland You and I got lost in it And life was never worse but never better Eh eh  Eh eh eh eh eh In wonderland Eh eh eh eh eh In wonderland Eh eh eh eh eh In wonderland Eh eh eh eh eh In wonderland  So we went on our way Too in love to think straight All alone or so it seemed  But there were strangers watching And whispers turned to talking And talking turned to screams  Oh  Didn't they tell us don't rush into things? Didn't you flash your green eyes at me? Didn't you calm my fears with a Cheshire cat smile?  Oh  Didn't it all seem new and exciting? I felt your arms twisting around me It's all fun and games 'til somebody loses their mind  But darling, we found wonderland You and I got lost in it And we pretended it could last forever Eh We found wonderland You and I got lost in it And life was never worse but never better Eh eh  Eh eh eh eh eh In wonderland Eh eh eh eh eh In wonderland Eh eh eh eh eh In wonderland Eh eh eh eh eh In wonderland  I reached for you but you were gone I knew I had to go back home You searched the world for something else to make you feel like what we had And in the end in wonderland we both went mad  Oh  We found wonderland You and I got lost in it And we pretended it could last forever (last forever) Eh eh We found wonderland You and I got lost in it (got lost in it) And life was never worse but never better (never better) Eh eh  We found wonderland You and I got lost in it (wonderland) And we pretended it could last forever (in wonderland)  We found wonderland You and I got lost in it (wonderland) And life was never worse but never better In wonderland|Country
taylorswift|You Are in Love|One look, dark room Meant just for you Time moved too fast You play it back Buttons on a coat Lighthearted joke No proof, not much But you saw enough Small talk, he drives Coffee at midnight The light reflects The chain on your neck He says, "Look up." And your shoulders brush No proof, one touch But you felt enough  You can hear it in the silence (silence), silence (silence) You can feel it on the way home (way home), way home (way home) You can see it with the lights out (lights out), lights out (lights out) You are in love, true love You are in love  Morning, his place Burnt toast, Sunday You keep his shirt He keeps his word And for once you let go Of your fears and your ghosts One step, not much But it said enough You kiss on sidewalks You fight then you talk One night he wakes Strange look on his face Pauses, then says. "You're my best friend." And you knew what it was He is in love  You can hear it in the silence (silence), silence (silence) You can feel it on the way home (way home), way home (way home) You can see it with the lights out (lights out), lights out (lights out) You are in love, true love  And so it goes You two are dancing in a snow globe 'round and 'round And he keeps a picture of you in his office downtown And you understand now why they lost their minds and fought the wars And why I've spent my whole life trying to put it into words  'Cause you can hear it in the silence You can feel it on the way home You can see it with the lights out You are in love, true love You're in love  You can hear it in the silence (silence), silence (silence) You can feel it on the way home (way home), way home (way home) You can see it with the lights out (lights out), lights out (lights out) You are in love, true love You are in love  You can hear it in the silence (silence), silence (silence) You can feel it on the way home (way home), way home (way home) You can see it with the lights out (lights out), lights out (lights out) You are in love, true love You are in love|Country
taylorswift|New Romantics|<i>[Music video version:]</i> "The fans are the best part of this tour They are the reason the shows are incredible And I know those fans out there, are just all in"  We're all bored, we're all so tired of everything We wait for trains that just aren't coming We show off our different scarlet letters Trust me, mine is better  We're so young but we're on the road to ruin We play dumb but we know exactly what we're doing We cry tears of mascara in the bathroom Honey, life is just a classroom  'Cause, baby, I could build a castle Out of all the bricks they threw at me And every day is like a battle But every night with us is like a dream  Baby, we're the new romantics Come on, come along with me Heart break is the national anthem We sing it proudly We are too busy dancing To get knocked off our feet Baby, we're the new romantics The best people in life are free  We're all here, the lights and noise are blinding We hang back, it's all in the timing It's poker, he can't see it in my face But I'm about to play my Ace  We need love, but all we want is danger We team up then switch sides like a record changer The rumors are terrible and cruel But, honey, most of them are true  'Cause, baby, I could build a castle Out of all the bricks they threw at me And every day is like a battle But every night with us is like a dream  Baby, we're the new romantics Come on, come along with me Heart break is the national anthem We sing it proudly We are too busy dancing To get knocked off our feet Baby, we're the new romantics The best people in life are free  So come on, come along with me The best people in life are free  Please take my hand and Please take me dancing and Please leave me stranded It's so romantic  <i>[Music video version:]</i> "I don't wanna forget anything that happened on this tour It was one of those remarkable moments in time when everything felt exciting. 1989!"  'Cause, baby, I could build a castle Out of all the bricks they threw at me And every day is like a battle But every night with us is like a dream  'Cause, baby, I could build a castle Out of all the bricks they threw at me And every day is like a battle But every night with us is like a dream  Baby, we're the new romantics Come on, come along with me Heart break is the national anthem We sing it proudly We are too busy dancing To get knocked off our feet Baby, we're the new romantics The best people in life are free  <i>[Music video version:]</i> "Looking out into like an endless ocean of crowd That was everything We're all really sad that it's ending But we're really happy because of what it was"|Country
taylorswift|Out of the Woods|Looking at it now It all seems so simple We were lying on your couch I remember You took a Polaroid of us Then discovered (then discovered) The rest of the world was black and white But we were in screaming color And I remember thinking…  Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods?  Looking at it now Last December (last December) We were built to fall apart Then fall back together (back together) Your necklace hanging from my neck The night we couldn't quite forget When we decided (we decided) To move the furniture so we could dance Baby, like we stood a chance Two paper airplanes flying, flying, flying And I remember thinkin'  Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods?  Remember when you hit the brakes too soon? Twenty stitches in the hospital room When you started cryin', baby, I did, too But when the sun came up, I was lookin' at you Remember when we couldn't take the heat I walked out and said, "I'm settin' you free" But the monsters turned out to be just trees And when the sun came up, you were lookin' at me  You were lookin' at me You were lookin' at me I remember, oh, I remember  Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? In the clear yet? Good|Country
taylorswift|Shake It Off|I stay out too late Got nothing in my brain That's what people say, mmm-mmm That's what people say, mmm-mmm  I go on too many dates <i>[chuckle]</i> But I can't make them stay At least that's what people say, mmm-mmm That's what people say, mmm-mmm  But I keep cruising Can't stop, won't stop moving It's like I got this music In my mind Saying, "It's gonna be alright."  'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off Heart-breakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off  I never miss a beat I'm lightning on my feet And that's what they don't see, mmm-mmm That's what they don't see, mmm-mmm  I'm dancing on my own (dancing on my own) I make the moves up as I go (moves up as I go) And that's what they don't know, mmm-mmm That's what they don't know, mmm-mmm  But I keep cruising Can't stop, won't stop grooving It's like I got this music In my mind Saying, "It's gonna be alright."  'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off Heart-breakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off  Shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off  Hey, hey, hey Just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars and the dirty, dirty cheats of the world, You could've been getting down to this sick beat.  My ex-man brought his new girlfriend She's like "Oh, my god!" but I'm just gonna shake. And to the fella over there with the hella good hair Won't you come on over, baby? We can shake, shake, shake  Yeah ohhh  'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate (haters gonna hate) I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off Heart-breakers gonna break, break, break, break, break (mmmm) And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake (and fake, and fake, and fake) Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off  Shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off  Shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off  Shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (you've got to), I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off, I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off|Country
taylorswift|I Know Places|(I, I, I, I I, I, I, I I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I)  You stand with your hand on my waistline It's a scene and we're out here in plain sight I can hear them whisper as we pass by It's a bad sign, bad sign Something happens when everybody finds out See the vultures circling dark clouds Love's a fragile little flame, it could burn out It could burn out  Cause they got the cages, they got the boxes And guns They are the hunters, we are the foxes And we run  Baby, I know places we won't be found And they'll be chasing their tails tryin' to track us down Cause I, I know places we can hide I know places, I know places  Lights flash and we'll run for the fences Let them say what they want, we won't hear it Loose lips sink ships all the damn time Not this time  Just grab my hand and don't ever drop it My love They are the hunters, we are the foxes And we run  Baby, I know places we won't be found And they'll be chasing their tails tryin' to track us down Cause I, I know places we can hide I know places  They are the hunters, we are the foxes And we run Just grab my hand and don't ever drop it My love  Baby, I know places we won't be found And they'll be chasing their tails tryin' to track us down Cause I, I know places we can hide I know places  They take their shots, but we're bulletproof I know places And you know for me, it's always you I know places In the dead of night, your eyes so green I know places And I know for you, it's always me I know places  (I, I, I, I I, I, I, I I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I)|Country
taylorswift|…Ready for It?|Knew he was a killer First time that I saw him Wonder how many girls he had loved and left haunted But if he's a ghost then I can be a phantom Holdin' him for ransom Some, some boys are tryin' too hard He don't try at all though Younger than my exes but he act like such a man, so I see nothing better, I keep him forever Like a vendetta-ta  I-I-I see how this is gonna go Touch me, and you'll never be alone I-Island breeze and lights down low No one has to know  In the middle of the night, in my dreams You should see the things we do, baby In the middle of the night, in my dreams I know I'm gonna be with you So I take my time (Are you ready for it?)  Knew I was a robber First time that he saw me Stealing hearts and running off and never saying sorry But if I'm a thief then He can join the heist And we'll move to an island-and And he can be my jailer Burton to this Taylor Every love I've known in comparison is a failure I forget their names now I'm so very tame now Never be the same now, now  I-I-I see how this is gonna go Touch me and you'll never be alone I-Island breeze and lights down low No one has to know (No one has to know)  In the middle of the night, in my dreams You should see the things we do, baby In the middle of the night in my dreams I know I'm gonna be with you So I take my time (Are you ready for it?) (Ooh, are you ready for it?)  Baby, let the games begin Let the games begin Let the games begin Baby, let the games begin Let the games begin Let the games begin  I-I-I see how this is gonna go Touch me and you'll never be alone I-Island breeze and lights down low No one has to know  In the middle of the night, in my dreams You should see the things we do, baby In the middle of the night, in my dreams I know I'm gonna be with you So I take my time In the middle of the night  Baby, let the games begin Let the games begin Let the games begin (Are you ready for it?) Baby, let the games begin Let the games begin Let the games begin (Are you ready for it?)|Pop
taylorswift|End Game|<i>[Taylor Swift &amp; Future:]</i> I wanna be your end game I wanna be your first string I wanna be your A-Team I wanna be your end game, end game  Big reputation, big reputation Ooh, you and me, we got big reputations Ah, and you heard about me Ooh, I got some big enemies (yeah) Big reputation, big reputation Ooh, you and me would be a big conversation Ah, and I heard about you (yeah) Ooh, you like the bad ones, too  <i>[Future:]</i> You so dope, don't overdose I'm so stoked, I need a toast We do the most, I'm in the Ghost like I'm whippin' a boat I got a reputation, girl, that don't precede me (yeah) I'm one call away whenever you need me (yeah) I'm in a G5 (yeah), come to the A-Side (yeah) I got a bad boy persona, that's what they like (what they like) You love it, I love it, too, 'cause you my type (you my type) You hold me down and I protect you with my life  <i>[Taylor Swift &amp; Future:]</i> I don't wanna touch you, I don't wanna be Just another ex-love you don't wanna see I don't wanna miss you (I don't wanna miss you) Like the other girls do I don't wanna hurt you, I just wanna be Drinking on a beach with you all over me I know what they all say (I know what they all say) But I ain't tryna play  <i>[Taylor Swift:]</i> I wanna be your end game (End game) I wanna be your first string (First string) I wanna be your A-Team (A-Team) I wanna be your end game, end game  <i>[Ed Sheeran:]</i> Knew her when I was young Reconnected when we were little bit older, both sprung I got issues and chips on both of my shoulders Reputation precedes me; in rumors I’m knee-deep The truth is it's easier to ignore it, believe me Even when we'd argue, we'd not do it for long And you understand the good and bad end up in a song For all your beautiful traits and the way you do it with ease For all my flaws, paranoia and insecurities I've made mistakes and made some choices, that's hard to deny After the storm, something was born on the 4th of July I've passed days without fun, this end game is the one With four words on the tip of my tongue, I'll never say it  <i>[Taylor Swift:]</i> I don't wanna touch you, I don't wanna be Just another ex-love you don't wanna see I don't wanna miss you (I don't wanna miss you) Like the other girls do I don't wanna hurt you, I just wanna be Drinking on a beach with you all over me I know what they all say, yeah, but I ain't tryna play  <i>[Taylor Swift:]</i> I wanna be your end game (End game) I wanna be your first string (Wanna be your first string) I wanna be your A-Team (A-Team) I wanna be your end game, end game  <i>[Taylor Swift &amp; Future:]</i> Big reputation, big reputation Ooh, you and me, we got big reputations Ah, and you heard about me Oh, I got some big enemies Hey, big reputation, big reputation Ooh, you and me would be a big conversation Ah, and I heard about you Ooh, you like the bad ones, too  <i>[Taylor Swift:]</i> I hit you like bang We tried to forget it, but we just couldn't And I bury hatchets, but I keep maps of where I put 'em Reputation precedes me, they told you I'm crazy I swear I don't love the drama, it loves me And I can't let you go, your hand prints on my soul It's like your eyes are liquor, it's like your body is gold You've been calling my bluff on all my usual tricks So here's the truth from my red lips  <i>[Taylor Swift, Future &amp; Ed Sheeran:]</i> I wanna be your end game (End game) I wanna be your first string (Me and you) I wanna be your A-Team (Be your A-Team now) I wanna be your end game, end game I wanna be your end game (oh, I do) I wanna be your first string (first string) I wanna be your A-Team (A-Team) I wanna be your end game, end game|Pop
taylorswift|I Did Something Bad|I never trust a narcissist, but they love me So I play 'em like a violin And I make it look—oh—so easy  'Cause for every lie I tell them, they tell me three This is how the world works Now all he thinks about is me  I can feel the flames on my skin Crimson-red paint on my lips If a man talks shit Then I owe him nothing I don't regret it one bit 'Cause he had it coming  They say I did something bad Then why's it feel so good? They say I did something bad But why's it feel so good? Most fun I ever had And I'd do it over and over and over again if I could It just felt so good, good  I never trust a playboy, but they love me So I fly 'em all around the world And I let them think they saved me  They never see it comin', what I do next This is how the world works You gotta leave before you get left  I can feel the flames on my skin He says, "Don't throw away a good thing." But if he drops my name Then I owe him nothin' And if he spends my change Then he had it comin'  They say I did something bad Then why's it feel so good? They say I did something bad But why's it feel so good? Most fun I ever had And I'd do it over and over and over again if I could It just felt so good, good  It just felt so good  They're burning all the witches, even if you aren't one They got their pitchforks and proof, their receipts and reasons  They're burning all the witches, even if you aren't one So light me up (light me up), light me up (light me up) Light me up, go ahead and light me up (light me up)  Light me up (light me up), light me up (light me up) Light me up (light me up), light me up  They say I did something bad (oh) Then why's it feel so good? (so good) They say I did something bad But why's it feel so good? Most fun I ever had (most fun I ever had) And I'd do it over and over and over again if I could It just felt so good (good), good  Oh, you say I did something bad (You say I did something bad?) Why's it feel so good, good? So bad, why's it feel so good? Why's it feel, why's it feel so good? (bad) It just felt so good, good|Pop
taylorswift|Don't Blame Me|Don't blame me. Love made me crazy. If it doesn't, you ain't doing it right. Lord, save me. My drug is my baby I'll be using for the rest of my life.  I've been breaking hearts a long time And toying with them older guys. Just playthings for me to use. Something happened for the first time In the darkest little paradise. Shaking, pacing, I just need you.  For you, I would cross the line, I would waste my time, I would lose my mind. They say, "She's gone too far this time."  Don't blame me. Love made me crazy. If it doesn't, you ain't doing it right. Lord, save me. My drug is my baby I'll be using for the rest of my life.  Don't blame me. Love made me crazy. If it doesn't, you ain't doing it right. Oh, Lord, save me. My drug is my baby I'll be using for the rest of my life.  My name is whatever you decide, And I'm just gonna call you mine. I'm insane, but I'm your baby (your baby). Echoes (echoes) of your name inside my mind. Halo, hiding my obsession. I once was poison ivy, but now I'm your daisy.  And, baby, for you, I would fall from grace Just to touch your face. If you walk away, I'd beg you on my knees to stay.  Don't blame me. Love made me crazy. If it doesn't, you ain't doing it right. Lord, save me. My drug is my baby I'll be using for the rest of my life.  Don't blame me. Love made me crazy. If it doesn't, you ain't doing it right. Oh, Lord, save me. My drug is my baby. I'll be using for the rest of my life.  I get so high, oh, Every time you're—every time you're loving me You're loving me. Trip of my life, oh, Every time you're—every time you're touching me. You're touching me.  Every time you're—every time you're loving me.  Oh, Lord, save me. My drug is my baby I'll be using for the rest of my life. (Using for the rest of my life. Oh!)  Don't blame me. Love made me crazy. If it doesn't, you ain't doing it right (doing it right, no). Lord, save me. My drug is my baby I'll be using for the rest of my life.  Don't blame me. Love made me crazy. If it doesn't, you ain't doing it right (you ain't doing it...). Oh, Lord, save me. My drug is my baby I'll be using for the rest of my life (I'll be using, I'll be using).  I get so high, oh, Every time you're—every time you're loving me. You're loving me. Oh, Lord, save me. My drug is my baby I'll be using for the rest of my life.|Pop
taylorswift|Delicate|This ain't for the best My reputation's never been worse, so You must like me for me... We can't make Any promises now, can we, babe? But you can make me a drink...  Dive bar on the east side, where you at? Phone lights up my nightstand in the black Come here, you can meet me in the back Dark jeans and your Nikes, look at you Oh damn, never seen that color blue Just think of the fun things we could do  'Cause I like you This ain't for the best My reputation's never been worse, so You must like me for me... Yeah, I want you We can't make Any promises now, can we, babe? But you can make me a drink...  Is it cool that I said all that? Is it chill that you're in my head? 'Cause I know that it's delicate (delicate) Is it cool that I said all that? Is it too soon to do this yet? 'Cause I know that it's delicate Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Delicate  Third floor on the west side, me and you Handsome, you're a mansion with a view Do the girls back home touch you like I do? Long night, with your hands up in my hair Echoes of your footsteps on the stairs Stay here, honey, I don't wanna share  'Cause I like you This ain't for the best My reputation's never been worse, so You must like me for me Yeah, I want you We can't make Any promises now, can we, babe? But you can make me a drink  Is it cool that I said all that? Is it chill that you're in my head? 'Cause I know that it's delicate (delicate) Is it cool that I said all that? Is it too soon to do this yet? 'Cause I know that it's delicate Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Delicate  Sometimes I wonder when you sleep Are you ever dreaming of me? Sometimes when I look into your eyes I pretend you're mine, all the damn time 'Cause I like you  Is it cool that I said all that? Is it chill that you're in my head? 'Cause I know that it's delicate (delicate) Yeah, I want you Is it cool that I said all that? Is it too soon to do this yet? 'Cause I know that it's delicate (delicate) 'Cause I like you Is it cool that I said all that? (Isn't it?) Is it chill that you're in my head? (Isn't it? Isn't it?) 'Cause I know that it's delicate (Isn't it?) (Delicate) Yeah, I want you Is it cool that I said all that (Isn't it?) Is it too soon to do this yet? (Isn't it? Isn't it?) 'Cause I know that it's delicate (Isn't it?) Delicate|Pop
taylorswift|Look What You Made Me Do|I don't like your little games Don't like your tilted stage The role you made me play Of the fool, no, I don't like you I don't like your perfect crime How you laugh when you lie You said the gun was mine Isn't cool, no, I don't like you (Oh!)  But I got smarter, I got harder in the nick of time Honey, I rose up from the dead, I do it all the time I've got a list of names and yours is in red, underlined I check it once, then I check it twice, oh!  Ooh, look what you made me do Look what you made me do Look what you just made me do Look what you just made me Ooh, look what you made me do Look what you made me do Look what you just made me do Look what you just made me do  I don't like your kingdom keys They once belonged to me You asked me for a place to sleep Locked me out and threw a feast (What?) The world moves on, another day, another drama, drama But not for me, not for me, all I think about is karma And then the world moves on, but one thing's for sure Maybe I got mine, but you'll all get yours  But I got smarter, I got harder in the nick of time Honey, I rose up from the dead, I do it all the time I've got a list of names and yours is in red, underlined I check it once, then I check it twice, oh!  Ooh, look what you made me do Look what you made me do Look what you just made me do Look what you just made me Ooh, look what you made me do Look what you made me do Look what you just made me do Look what you just made me do  I don't trust nobody and nobody trusts me I'll be the actress starring in your bad dreams I don't trust nobody and nobody trusts me I'll be the actress starring in your bad dreams I don't trust nobody and nobody trusts me I'll be the actress starring in your bad dreams I don't trust nobody and nobody trusts me I'll be the actress starring in your bad dreams  (Ooh, look what you made me do) (Look what you made me do) (Look what you just made me do) "I'm sorry, the old Taylor can't come to the phone right now." (Look what you just made me do) (Look what you made me do) (Look what you made me do) "Why?" (Look what you just made me do) "Oh, 'cause she's dead!" (Oh!)  Ooh, look what you made me do Look what you made me do Look what you just made me do Look what you just made me Ooh, look what you made me do Look what you made me do Look what you just made me do Look what you just made me do  Ooh, look what you made me do Look what you made me do Look what you just made me do Look what you just made me Ooh, look what you made me do Look what you made me do Look what you just made me do Look what you just made me do|Pop
taylorswift|So It Goes…|See you in the dark All eyes on you, my magician All eyes on us You make everyone disappear, and Cut me into pieces Gold cage, hostage to my feelings Back against the wall Trippin', trip, trippin' when you're gone  'Cause we break down a little But when you get me alone, it's so simple 'Cause baby, I know what you know We can feel it...  And all the pieces fall Right into place Getting caught up in a moment Lipstick on your face So it goes... I'm yours to keep And I'm yours to lose You know I'm not a bad girl, but I Do bad things with you So it goes...  Met you in a bar All eyes on me, your illusionist All eyes on us I make all your grey days clear and Wear you like a necklace I'm so chill, but you make me jealous But I got your heart Skippin', skip, skippin' when I'm gone  'Cause we break down a little But when I get you alone, it's so simple 'Cause baby, I know what you know We can feel it...  And all the pieces fall Right into place Getting caught up in a moment Lipstick on your face So it goes... I'm yours to keep And I'm yours to lose You know I'm not a bad girl, but I Do bad things with you So it goes...  Come here, dressed in black now So, so, so it goes... Scratches down your back now So, so, so it goes...  You did a number on me But, honestly, baby, who's counting? I did a number on you But, honestly, baby, who's counting? You did a number on me But, honestly, baby, who's counting? Who's counting? 1, 2, 3  And all the pieces fall (pieces fall) Right into place Getting caught up in a moment (caught up, caught up) Lipstick on your face So it goes... I'm yours to keep (oh) And I'm yours to lose (baby) You know I'm not a bad girl, but I Do bad things with you So it goes...  Come here, dressed in black now So, so, so it goes... Scratches down your back now So, so, so it goes... Come here, dressed in black now So, so, so it goes... Scratches down your back now So, so, so it goes...|Pop
taylorswift|Gorgeous|Gorgeous  You should take it as a compliment That I got drunk and made fun of the way you talk You should think about the consequence Of your magnetic field being a little too strong And I got a boyfriend, he's older than us He's in the club doing, I don't know what You're so cool, it makes me hate you so much (I hate you so much)  Whisky on ice, Sunset and Vine You've ruined my life, by not being mine  You're so gorgeous I can't say anything to your face 'Cause look at your face And I'm so furious At you for making me feel this way But what can I say? You're gorgeous  You should take it as a compliment That I'm talking to everyone here but you (but you, but you) And you should think about the consequence Of you touching my hand in a darkened room (dark room, dark room) If you got a girlfriend, I'm jealous of her But if you're single that's honestly worse 'Cause you're so gorgeous it actually hurts (Honey, it hurts)  Ocean blue eyes looking in mine I feel like I might sink and drown and die  You're so gorgeous I can't say anything to your face 'Cause look at your face And I'm so furious At you for making me feel this way But what can I say? You're gorgeous  You make me so happy it turns back to sad There's nothing I hate more than what I can't have You are so gorgeous it makes me so mad You make me so happy it turns back to sad There's nothing I hate more than what I can't have Guess I'll just stumble on home to my cats Alone, unless you wanna come along, oh...  You're so gorgeous I can't say anything to your face 'Cause look at your face And I'm so furious At you for making me feel this way But what can I say? You're gorgeous  You make me so happy it turns back to sad There's nothing I hate more than what I can't have You are so gorgeous it makes me so mad You're gorgeous You make me so happy it turns back to sad There's nothing I hate more than what I can't have You are so gorgeous it makes me so mad You're gorgeous|Pop
taylorswift|Getaway Car|No, nothing good starts in a getaway car...  It was the best of times, the worst of crimes I struck a match and blew your mind But I didn't mean it And you didn't see it The ties were black, the lies were white In shades of gray and candlelight I wanted to leave him I needed a reason  X marks the spot, where we fell apart He poisoned the well, I was lying to myself I knew it from the first old fashioned, we were cursed We never had a shotgun shot in the dark  You were driving the getaway car We were flying, but we'd never get far Don't pretend it's such a mystery Think about the place where you first met me We're riding in a getaway car There were sirens in the beat of your heart Should've known I'd be the first to leave Think about the place where you first met me In a getaway car No, they never get far No, nothing good starts in a getaway car  It was the great escape, the prison break The light of freedom on my face But you weren't thinking And I was just drinking Well he was running after us, I was screaming 'Go go go!' But with three of us, honey, it's a side show And a circus ain't a love story And now we're both sorry (we're both sorry)  X marks the spot, where we fell apart He poisoned the well, every man for himself I knew it from the first old fashioned, we were cursed It hit you like a shotgun shot to the heart  You were driving the getaway car We were flying, but we'd never get far Don't pretend it's such a mystery Think about the place where you first met me We're riding in a getaway car There were sirens in the beat of your heart Should've known I'd be the first to leave Think about the place where you first met me In a getaway car No, they never get far No, nothing good starts in a getaway car  We were jet set Bonnie and Clyde Until I switched to the other side It's no surprise, I turned you in 'Cause us traitors never win  I'm in a getaway car I left you in the motel bar I put the money in a bag and stole the keys That was the last time you ever saw me  Driving the getaway car We were flying, but we'd never get far Don't pretend it's such a mystery Think about the place where you first met me We're riding in a getaway car There were sirens in the beat of your heart Should've known I'd be the first to leave Think about the place where you first met me In a getaway car No, they never get far No, nothing good starts in a getaway car  I was riding in a getaway car I was crying in a getaway car I was dying in a getaway car Said 'goodbye' in a getaway car  I was riding in a getaway car I was crying in a getaway car I was dying in a getaway car Said 'goodbye' in a getaway car|Pop
taylorswift|King of My Heart|I'm perfectly fine, I live on my own I made up my mind, I'm better off being alone We met a few weeks ago Now you try on calling me, baby, like trying on clothes  Salute to me I'm your American Queen And you move to me like I'm a Motown beat And we rule the kingdom inside my room 'Cause all the boys and their expensive cars With their Range Rovers and their Jaguars Never took me quite where you do  And all at once, you are the one I have been waiting for King of my heart, body and soul, ooh whoa And all at once, you are all I want, I'll never let you go King of my heart, body and soul, ooh whoa  And all at once, I've been waiting, waiting Ooh whoa, ooh whoa And all at once, you are the one I have been waiting, waiting Body and soul, ooh whoa And all at once  Late in the night, the city's asleep Your love is a secret I'm hoping, dreaming, dying to keep Change my priorities The taste of your lips is my idea of luxury  Salute to me I'm your American Queen And you move to me like I'm a Motown beat And we rule the kingdom inside my room 'Cause all the boys and their expensive cars With their Range Rovers and their Jaguars Never took me quite where you do  And all at once, you are the one I have been waiting for King of my heart, body and soul, ooh whoa And all at once, you are all I want, I'll never let you go King of my heart, body and soul, ooh whoa  And all at once, I've been waiting, waiting Ooh whoa, ooh whoa And all at once, you are the one I have been waiting, waiting Body and soul, ooh whoa And all at once  Is this the end of all the endings? My broken bones are mending With all these nights we're spending Up on the roof with a school girl crush Drinking beer out of plastic cups Say you fancy me, not fancy stuff Baby, all at once, this is enough  And all at once, you are the one I have been waiting for King of my heart, body and soul, ooh whoa And all at once, you are the one I have been waiting for King of my heart, body and soul, ooh whoa And all at once, you are all I want, I'll never let you go King of my heart, body and soul, ooh whoa  And all at once, I've been waiting, waiting Ooh whoa, ooh whoa And all at once, you are the one I have been waiting, waiting Body and soul, ooh whoa And all at once|Pop
taylorswift|Dancing with Our Hands Tied|I, I loved you in secret First sight, yeah, we love without reason Oh, 25 years old Oh, how were you to know and  My, my love had been frozen Deep blue, but you painted me golden Oh, and you held me close Oh, how was I to know what  I could've spent forever with your hands in my pockets Picture of your face in an invisible locket You said there was nothing in the world that could stop it I had a bad feeling And darling, you had turned my bed into a sacred oasis People started talking, putting us through our paces I knew there was no one in the world who could take it I had a bad feeling  But we were dancing Dancing with our hands tied, hands tied Yeah, we were dancing Like it was the first time, first time Yeah, we were dancing Dancing with our hands tied, hands tied Yeah, we were dancing And I had a bad feeling But we were dancing  I, I loved you in spite of Deep fears that the world would divide us So, baby, can we dance Oh, through an avalanche? And say, say that we got it I'm a mess, but I'm the mess that you wanted Oh, 'cause it's gravity Oh, keeping you with me  I could've spent forever with your hands in my pockets Picture of your face in an invisible locket You said there was nothing in the world that could stop it I had a bad feeling  But we were dancing Dancing with our hands tied, hands tied Yeah, we were dancing Like it was the first time, first time Yeah, we were dancing Dancing with our hands tied, hands tied Yeah, we were dancing (Ooh, we had our hands tied) And I had a bad feeling But we were dancing  I'd kiss you as the lights went out Swaying as the room burned down I'd hold you as the water rushes in If I could dance with you again I'd kiss you as the lights went out Swaying as the room burned down I'd hold you as the water rushes in If I could dance with you again  Dancing with our hands tied, hands tied Yeah, we were dancing Like it was the first time, first time Yeah, we were dancing Dancing with our hands tied, hands tied Yeah, we were dancing And I had a bad feeling But we were dancing  Hands tied, hands tied|Pop
taylorswift|Dress|Our secret moments In a crowded room They got no idea About me and you There is an indentation In the shape of you Made your mark on me A golden tattoo All of this silence and patience, pining and anticipation My hands are shaking from holding back from you (ah, ah, ah) All of this silence and patience, pining and desperately waiting My hands are shaking from all this (ha, ha, ha, ha)  Say my name and everything just stops I don't want you like a best friend Only bought this dress so you could take it off, take it off (ha, ha, ha) Carve your name into my bedpost Cause I don't want you like a best friend Only bought this dress so you could take it off, take it off (ha, ha, ha)  Inescapable I'm not even going to try And if I get burned, at least we were electrified I'm spilling wine in the bathtub You kiss my face and we're both drunk Everyone thinks that they know us But they know nothing about  All of this silence and patience, pining and anticipation My hands are shaking from holding back from you (ah, ah, ah) All of this silence and patience, pining and desperately waiting My hands are shaking from all this (ah, ha, ha, ha)  Say my name and everything just stops I don't want you like a best friend Only bought this dress so you could take it off, take it off (ha, ha, ha) Carve your name into my bedpost Cause I don't want you like a best friend Only bought this dress so you could take it off, take it off (ha, ha, ha)... Only bought this dress so you could take it off (ha, ha, ha)... Only bought this dress so you could take it off (ha, ha, ha)...  Flashback when you met me Your buzz cut and my hair bleached Even in my worst times, you could see the best of me Flashback to my mistakes My rebounds, my earthquakes Even in my worst lies, you saw the truth in me And I woke up just in time Now I wake up by your side My one and only, my lifeline I woke up just in time Now I wake up by your side My hands shake, I can't explain this Aha, ha, ha, ha  Say my name and everything just stops I don't want you like a best friend Only bought this dress so you could take it off, take it off (ha, ha, ha) Carve your name into my bedpost Cause I don't want you like a best friend Only bought this dress so you could take it off, take it off (ha, ha, ha)  There is an indentation In the shape of you Only bought this dress so you could take it off You made your mark on me, golden tattoo Only bought this dress so you could take it off|Pop
taylorswift|This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things|It was so nice throwing big parties Jump into the pool from the balcony Everyone swimming in a champagne sea And there are no rules when you show up here Bass beat rattling the chandelier Feeling so Gatsby for that whole year  So why'd you have to rain on my parade? I'm shaking my head I'm locking the gates  This is why we can't have nice things, darling Because you break them I had to take them away This is why we can't have nice things, honey Did you think I wouldn't hear all the things you said about me? This is why we can't have nice things  It was so nice being friends again There I was giving you a second chance But you stabbed me in the back while shaking my hand And therein lies the issue Friends don't try to trick you Get you on the phone and mind-twist you And so I took an axe to a mended fence  But I'm not the only friend you've lost lately If only you weren't So shady  This is why we can't have nice things, darling Because you break them I had to take them away This is why we can't have nice things, honey Did you think I wouldn't hear all the things you said about me? This is why we can't have  Here's a toast to my real friends They don't care about that he said, she said And here's to my baby He ain't reading what they call me lately And here's to my momma Had to listen to all this drama And here's to you 'Cause forgiveness is a nice thing to do Haha, I can't even say it with a straight face  This is why we can't have nice things, darling (darling) Because you break them I had to take them away This is why we can't have nice things, honey Did you think I wouldn't hear all the things you said about me? This is why we can't have nice things, darling (And here's to my real friends) Because you break them I had to take them away (And here's to my baby) Nice things, honey (He didn't care about that he said, she said) Did you think I wouldn't hear all the things you said about me? This is why we can't have nice things|Pop
taylorswift|Call It What You Want|Ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh Ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh Ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh Ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh, ohh-ohh  My castle crumbled overnight I brought a knife to a gunfight They took the crown but it's alright All the liars are calling me one Nobody's heard from me for months I'm doing better than I ever was  Cause... My baby's fit like a daydream Walking with his head down I'm the one he's walking to So call it what you want, yeah Call it what you want to My baby's fly like a jet stream High above the whole scene Loves me like I'm brand new So call it what you want, yeah Call it what you want to  All my flowers grew back as thorns Windows boarded up after the storm He built a fire just to keep me warm All the drama queens taking swings All the jokers dressing up as kings They fade to nothing when I look at him And I know I make the same mistakes every time Bridges burn, I never learn At least I did one thing right I did one thing right I'm laughing with my lover Making forts under covers Trust him like a brother Yeah, you know I did one thing right Starry eyes sparking up my darkest night  My baby's fit like a daydream Walking with his head down I'm the one he's walking to So call it what you want, yeah Call it what you want to My baby's fly like a jet stream High above the whole scene Loves me like I'm brand new (Call it what you want, call it what you want, call it) So call it what you want, yeah Call it what you want to  I want to wear his initial on a chain round my neck Chain round my neck Not because he owns me But 'cause he really knows me Which is more than they can say, I I recall late November, holding my breath Slowly I said, "You don't need to save me But would you run away with me?" Yes (would you run away?)  My baby's fit like a daydream Walking with his head down I'm the one he's walking to (Call it what you want, call it what you want, call it) So call it what you want, yeah Call it what you want to My baby's fly like a jet stream High above the whole scene Loves me like I'm brand new (Call it what you want, call it what you want, call it) So call it what you want, yeah Call it what you want to  (Call it what you want, call it) (Call it what you want, call it what you want, call it) (Call it what you want, call it what you want, call it) (Call it what you want, call it what you want, call it) (Call it what you want, call it what you want, call it) (Call it what you want, call it what you want, call it) (Call it what you want, call it what you want, call it) Call it what you want, yeah Call it what you want To|Pop
taylorswift|New Year's Day|There's glitter on the floor after the party Girls carrying their shoes down in the lobby Candle wax and Polaroids on the hardwood floor You and me from the night before, but  Don't read the last page But I stay when you're lost, and I'm scared And you're turning away I want your midnights But I'll be cleaning up bottles with you on New Year's Day  You squeeze my hand three times in the back of the taxi I can tell that it's gonna be a long road I'll be there if you're the toast of the town, babe Or if you strike out and you're crawling home  Don't read the last page But I stay when it's hard, or it's wrong Or we're making mistakes I want your midnights But I'll be cleaning up bottles with you on New Year's Day  Hold on to the memories, they will hold on to you Hold on to the memories, they will hold on to you Hold on to the memories, they will hold on to you And I will hold on to you  Please don't ever become a stranger Whose laugh I could recognize anywhere Please don't ever become a stranger Whose laugh I could recognize anywhere  There's glitter on the floor after the party Girls carrying their shoes down in the lobby Candle wax and Polaroids on the hardwood floor You and me forevermore  Don't read the last page But I stay when it's hard, or it's wrong Or we're making mistakes I want your midnights But I'll be cleaning up bottles with you on New Year's Day  Hold on to the memories, they will hold on to you Hold on to the memories, they will hold on to you Hold on to the memories, they will hold on to you And I will hold on to you  Please don't ever become a stranger Whose laugh I could recognize anywhere Please don't ever become a stranger Whose laugh I could recognize anywhere|Pop
taylorswift|Lover|We could leave the Christmas lights up 'til January This is our place, we make the rules And there's a dazzling haze, a mysterious way about you, dear Have I known you twenty seconds or twenty years?  Can I go where you go? Can we always be this close forever and ever? And ah, take me out and take me home You're my, my, my, my Lover  We could let our friends crash in the living room This is our place, we make the call And I'm highly suspicious that everyone who sees you wants you I've loved you three summers now, honey, but I want 'em all  Can I go where you go? Can we always be this close forever and ever? And ah, take me out and take me home (Forever and ever) You're my, my, my, my Lover  Ladies and gentlemen, will you please stand? With every guitar string scar on my hand I take this magnetic force of a man to be my Lover My heart's been borrowed and yours has been blue All's well that ends well to end up with you Swear to be over-dramatic and true to my Lover  And you'll save all your dirtiest jokes for me And at every table, I'll save you a seat Lover  Can I go where you go? Can we always be this close forever and ever? And ah, take me out and take me home (Forever and ever) You're my, my, my, my Oh, you're my, my, my, my Darling, you're my, my, my, my Lover|Pop
taylorswift|The Man|I would be complex, I would be cool They'd say I played the field before I found someone to commit to And that would be okay for me to do Every conquest I had made would make me more of a boss to you  I'd be a fearless leader I'd be an alpha type When everyone believes ya What's that like?  I'm so sick of running as fast as I can Wondering if I'd get there quicker if I was a man And I'm so sick of them coming at me again 'Cause if I was a man, then I'd be the man I'd be the man I'd be the man  They'd say I hustled, put in the work They wouldn't shake their heads and question how much of this I deserve What I was wearing, if I was rude Could all be separated from my good ideas and power moves  And they would toast to me, oh, let the players play I'd be just like Leo in Saint-Tropez  I'm so sick of running as fast as I can Wondering if I'd get there quicker if I was a man And I'm so sick of them coming at me again 'Cause if I was a man, then I'd be the man I'd be the man I'd be the man  What's it like to brag about raking in dollars And getting bitches and models? And it's all good if you're bad And it's okay if you're mad If I was out flashing my dollars I'd be a bitch, not a baller They'd paint me out to be bad So, it's okay that I'm mad  I'm so sick of running as fast as I can Wondering if I'd get there quicker if I was a man (You know that) And I'm so sick of them coming at me again (Coming at me again) 'Cause if I was a man (If I was a man) Then I'd be the man (Then I'd be the man) I'm so sick of running as fast as I can (As fast as I can) Wondering if I'd get there quicker if I was a man (Hey) And I'm so sick of them coming at me again (Coming at me again) 'Cause if I was a man (If I was a man), then I'd be the man I'd be the man I'd be the man (Oh) I'd be the man (Yeah) I'd be the man (I'd be the man)  If I was a man, then I'd be the man|Pop
taylorswift|You Need to Calm Down|You are somebody that I don't know But you're taking shots at me like it's Patrón And I'm just like, "Damn! It's 7 AM"  Say it in the street, that's a knock-out But you say it in a tweet, that's a cop-out And I'm just like, "Hey! Are you OK?"  And I ain't tryna mess with your self-expression But I've learned the lesson That stressing and obsessing 'Bout somebody else is no fun And snakes and stones never broke my bones  So, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh! You need to calm down You're being too loud And I'm just like "Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh! You need to just stop Like, can you just not step on my gown? You need to calm down"  You are somebody that we don't know But you're coming at my friends like a missile Why are you mad When you could be GLAAD? (You could be GLAAD)  Sunshine on the street at the parade But you would rather be in the dark ages Just making that sign Must've taken all night  You just need to take several seats And then try to restore the peace And control your urges to scream About all the people you hate 'Cause shade never made anybody less gay  So, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh! You need to calm down You're being too loud And I'm just like "Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh! You need to just stop Like, can you just not step on his gown You need to calm down"  And we see you over there on the Internet Comparing all the girls who are killing it But we figured you out We all know now We all got crowns You need to calm down  Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh! You need to calm down (You need to calm down) You're being too loud (You're being too loud) And I'm just like "Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh! You need to just stop (Can you stop?) Like, can you just not step on our gowns You need to calm down"|Pop
taylorswift|Beautiful Eyes|Your beautiful eyes Stare right into my eyes And sometimes I think of you late at night I don't know why I want to be somewhere where you are I want to be where...  <i>[Chorus:]</i> You're here, your eyes are looking into mine So baby, make me fly My heart has never felt this way before I'm looking through your I'm looking through your eyes  I wake up, I'm alive In only a little while... I'll cry Cause you're my lullaby So baby come hold me tight cause I-I I want to be everything you need I want to be where...  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Just as long as you're mine I'll be your everything tonight Let me love you, kiss you Oh baby let me miss you Let me see your Dream about Dream about Dream about your eyes Eyes, eyes... beautiful eyes|Pop
taylorswift|Should’ve Said No|It's strange to think the songs we used to sing The smiles, the flowers, everything is gone Yesterday I found out about you Even now just looking at you feels wrong  You say that you'd take it all back, given one chance It was a moment of weakness and you said, "Yes."  You should've said "No", you should've gone home You should've thought twice 'fore you let it all go You should've known that word 'Bout what you did with her'd Get back to me (get back to me). And I should've been there in the back of your mind I shouldn't be asking myself, "Why?" You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet... You should've said "No", baby, and you might still have me  You can see that I've been crying And baby, you know all the right things to say But do you honestly expect me to believe We could ever be the same?  You say that the past is the past, you need one chance It was a moment of weakness and you said, "Yes."  You should've said "No", you should've gone home You should've thought twice 'fore you let it all go You should've known that word 'Bout what you did with her'd, Get back to me (get back to me). And I should've been there in the back of your mind I shouldn't be asking myself, "Why?" You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet... You should've said "No", baby, and you might still have me  I can't resist Before you go, tell me this: Was it worth it? Was she worth this?  No... no, no, no...  You should've said "No", you should've gone home You should've thought twice 'fore you let it all go You should've known that word 'Bout what you did with her'd, Get back to me (get back to me). And I should've been there in the back of your mind I shouldn't be asking myself, "Why?" You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet... You should've said "No", baby, and you might still have me|Pop
taylorswift|Teardrops on My Guitar|Drew looks at me I fake a smile so he won't see That I want and I'm needing Everything that we should be  I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about And she's got everything that I have to live without  Drew talks to me I laugh 'cause it's just so funny That I can't even see Anyone when he's with me  He says he's so in love, he's finally got it right I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night  He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star He's the song in the car I keep singing. Don't know why I do  Drew walks by me Can he tell that I can't breathe? And there he goes, so perfectly The kind of flawless I wish I could be  She better hold him tight, give him all her love Look in those beautiful eyes and know she's lucky 'cause  He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star He's the song in the car I keep singing. Don't know why I do  So, I drive home alone As I turn out the light I'll put his picture down And maybe get some sleep tonight  'Cause he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar The only one who's got enough of me to break my heart He's the song in the car I keep singing. Don't know why I do  He's the time taken up, but there's never enough And he's all that I need to fall into  Drew looks at me I fake a smile so he won't see|Pop
taylorswift|Picture to Burn|State the obvious, I didn't get my perfect fantasy I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me So go and tell your friends that I'm obsessive and crazy <i>[Album version line:]</i> That's fine I'll tell mine that you're gay! <i>[Music video version line:]</i> That's fine you won't mind if I say By the way...  I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive You're a redneck heartbreak Who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time As far as I'm concerned You're just another picture to burn!  There's no time for tears I'm just sitting here planning my revenge There's nothing stopping me From going out with all of your best friends And if you come around saying sorry to me My daddy's gonna show you how sorry you'll be  'Cause I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive You're a redneck heartbreak Who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time As far as I'm concerned You're just another picture to burn!  And if you're missing me You'd better keep it to yourself 'Cause coming back around here Would be bad for your health...  'Cause I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive You're a redneck heartbreak Who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time In case you haven't heard I really really hate that...  I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive You're a redneck heartbreak Who's really bad at lying So watch me strike a match On all my wasted time As far as I'm concerned You're just another picture to burn!  Burn, burn, burn, baby, burn You're just another picture to burn Baby, burn...|Pop
blakeshelton|Every Time I Look at You|It brings back an old feeling Running into you like this I'm really not afraid of hurting But I can't stand the awkwardness Do I laugh Do I cry Do I dare look in your eyes  Oh no, here it goes My hands start to shake My heart's gonna' show Like the day we met To the night you said we're through Everytime I look at you  You seem to be a bit distracted I wish that I could feel the same You never were too good at acting Baby some things never change I can't keep from letting go It's something that I can't control  Oh no, here it goes My hands start to shake My heart's gonna' show Like the day we met To the night you said we're through Everytime I look at you  You stand there looking sweet and innocent But how can you be so cruel and confident At my expense  Oh no, here it goes My hands start to shake My heart's gonna' show Like the day we met To the night you said we're through Everytime I look at....  Oh no, here it goes My hands start to shake My heart's gonna' blow Like the day we met To the night you said we're through Everytime I look at you  Oh yeah, everytime I look at you|Country
blakeshelton|All Over Me|There was a time I really used to care about what others thought And the way they talk In a crowd I used to pull away when she would kiss my face And touch my hair She didn't care who saw  <i>[chorus]</i> She was all over me And I used to let it get all over me And now to prove that I love her I'd crawl on my knees for the whole world to see Now that she's all over me  The sky is blue But from where I stand in the middle of this heartache It sure looks gray All alone What I wouldn't give if I could feel The familiar touch of her love holding me again  <i>[Repeat chorus two times]</i>|Country
blakeshelton|She Doesn't Know She's Got It|On Friday night when I see her out Even in a crowd she's hard to miss There ain't a man breathing air Who wouldn't stop and stare And the best part is..  <i>[chorus]</i> She doesn't know she's got it She doesn't know how bad we want it She doesn't know she's got it And that's what's a gettin' to me  She'll close her eyes when the music plays And the way she sways Really rocks the room She doesn't mean to get things stirred It's just a thing in her that was born to move  She doesn't know she's got it She doesn't know how bad I want it She doesn't know she's got it And that's what's a gettin' to me  I'm gonna work my courage up Tell her I'm in love I'm in love a lot She has my heart on a string Like everything the girl has got  She doesn't know she's got it She doesn't know how bad I want it She doesn't know she's got it And that's what's a gettin' to me  She doesn't know she's got it She doesn't know how bad I want it She doesn't know she's got it And that's what's a gettin' to me|Country
blakeshelton|Austin|She left without leavin' a number Said she needed to clear her mind He figured she'd gone back to Austin 'Cause she talked about it all the time It was almost a year before she called him up Three rings and an answering machine is what she got  If you're callin' 'bout the car I sold it If this is Tuesday night I'm bowling If you've got somethin' to sell, you're wastin' your time, I'm not buyin' If it's anybody else, wait for the tone, You know what to do And P.S. if this is Austin, I still love you  The telephone fell to the counter She heard but she couldn't believe What kind of man would hang on that long What kind of love that must be She waited three days, and then she tried again She didn't know what she'd say, But she heard three rings and then  If it's Friday night I'm at the ballgame And first thing Saturday, if it don't rain I'm headed out to the lake And I'll be gone, all weekend long But I'll call you back when I get home On Sunday afternoon And P.S. If this is Austin, I still love you  Well, this time she left her number But not another word Then she waited by the phone on Sunday evenin' And this is what he heard  If you're callin' 'bout my heart It's still yours I should've listened to it a little more Then it wouldn't have taken me so long to know where I belong And by the way, boy, this is no machine you're talkin' to Can't you tell, this is Austin, and I still love you  I still love you|Country
blakeshelton|Ol' Red|Well I caught my wife with another man And it cost me ninety nine On a prison farm in Georgia Close to the Florida line Well I'd been here for two long years I finally made the warden my friend And so he sentenced me to a life of ease Taking care of Ol' Red  Now Ol' Red he's the damnedest dog that I've ever seen Got a nose that can smell a two day trail He's a four legged tracking machine You can consider yourself mighty lucky To get past the gators and the quicksand beds But all these years that I've been here Ain't nobody got past Red  And the warden sang Come on somebody Why don't you run Ol' Red's itchin' to have a little fun Get my lantern Get my gun Red'll have you treed before the mornin' comes  Well I paid off the guard and I slipped out a letter To my cousin up in Tennessee Oh and he brought down a blue tick hound She was pretty as she could be Well they penned her up in the swampland 'Bout a mile just south of the gate And I'd take Ol' Red for his evening run I'd just drop him off and wait  And the warden sang Come on somebody Why don't you run Ol' Red's itchin' to have a little fun Get my lantern Get my gun Red'll have you treed before the mornin' comes  Now Ol' Red got real used to seeing His lady every night And so I kept him away for three or four days And waited till the time got right Well I made my run with the evenin' sun And I smiled when I heard 'em turn Red out 'Cause I was headed north to Tennessee And Ol' Red was headed south  And the warden sang Come on somebody Why don't you run Ol' Red's itchin' to have a little fun Get my lantern Get my gun Red'll have you treed before the mornin' comes  Now there's red haired blue ticks all in the South Love got me in here and love got me out|Country
blakeshelton|I Thought There Was Time|I knew something was the matter It really needed my attention And I had planned to look into it someday But I was busy making money I wanted you to be proud of me Now I wish I could turn the clock back someway  I thought there was time  I never thought that you would leave me I always thought that I could find you Somewhere near a phone to answer when I call Now you have my full attention Now you're all that I can think of This is not what I expected at all  I thought there was time I thought there was time  Are you even on this planet Can you see these pretty flowers Or am I standing here just talking to the wind How I wish that I had told you How I wish that I had shouted I love you I love you I love you I love you back then  I thought there was time I thought there was time I thought there was time I thought there was time|Country
blakeshelton|Same Old Song|Now I love country music And I guess I always will But these days, when I turn on the radio It's just not the same thrill I like a song that gives me chillbumps Now and then there's some that still do But I'm fed up with the same old vanilla Hey how about you  I'm tired of the same old guy With the same old song About the same old love It goes on and on and on Same old guitar And the same old strum I may be country but I'm not dumb  Hey there Mr. Songwriter Come and visit in my home Then tell me about life being perfect And love that goes on and on and on Then ride with me in my old Bronco Down to the factory for eight hours Then let me introduce you to my supervisor Then write me a song about sunshine and flowers  and the same old guy With the same old song About the same old love It goes on and on Same old guitar And the same old strum I may be country but I'm not dumb  I want to hear a song about passion I want to hear a song about sin I want to hear a song about redemption Yeah, sing me one of them Tell me about a cowboy in Australia Tell me about a prisoner in China Tell me about some old stock car driver Down in Orangeburg, South Carolina Instead of..  the same old guy With the same old song About the same old love It goes on and on and on Same old guitar And the same old strum I may be country but I'm not dumb  Same old Same old Same old|Country
blakeshelton|That's What I Call Home|There's a house that's a little run down This city ain't never found It's miles and miles from a paved road That's where we grew up Seven children raised on love When life gets hard that's where we go  <i>[chorus]</i> Daddy don't know a stranger A handshake and he's your friend Oh and Mama she's an angel She'll hold you tight till the heartache ends Just a place made of nails and wood But it's the love that makes you feel so good That's what I call That's what I call home  Daddy built it with his own two hands Overlooking his grandpa's land Now through the years a lot has changed But driving up this gravel road I get that feeling in my soul I thank God some things still remain  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  Once I get myself through that old screen door The world can't touch me anymore  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  That's what I call home That's what I call home|Country
blakeshelton|Problems at Home|Fires are burning up the forests Down along the Amazon There's children starving in Guatemala They're just barely hanging on  <i>[chorus]</i> And I pray they'll find the answer That there's a way to right the wrong And Lord while you're listening Could I mention some troubles of my own I got problems right here at home  A teenage boy in Mississippi Brings his daddy's gun to school A little girl in New York City Buys cocaine for Mama to use  <i>[chorus]</i>  My wife is crying; Our baby's fighting A battle that she may not win The doctor's doing all that he can God now it's all in your hands  And I pray they'll find the answer That there's a way to right the wrong  Now I'm just one man, a grain of sand In a troubled world I know But I've got a problem right here at home I've got a problem right here at home|Country
blakeshelton|If I Was Your Man|If I was a cloud, I'd make baby raindrops And they'd feed the treetops If I was a cloud If I was the sun, I'd shine on the flowers And pass on the power If I was the sun If I was the moon, I'd caress every ocean In celestial motion If I was the moon If I was a star, charmed and enchanted All wishes would be granted If I was a star  If I was your man, the kisses would linger I'd melt in your fingers If I was your man If I was your man, we'd share every shower And wash away the hours baby If I was your man  If I was a song, I'd reach all the people From barrooms to steeples If I was a song If I was a dream, I'd be sweeter than honey I'd be bigger than money If I was a dream  If I was your man, we'd dance through the daisies They'd say we were crazy girl If I was your man If I was your man, I'd pump you with this passion You'd get more than fashion baby  If I-I-I-I-I was your man  you would not have to hurry I'd rub away your worries girl If I was your man If I was your man, then we'd be together Now and forever baby If I was your man  And if we were love, we'd heal every nation We'd be on everybody's station If we were love  If I was your man, sweet lovin' man If I was your man If I was your man|Country
blakeshelton|Don't Make Me|Girl when I look at you You look through me Like I'm not even there I try not to give up, to be strong but I'm afraid to say I'm scared I can't find the place Your heart is hiding I'm no quitter but I'm tired of fighting  Baby I love you Don't want to lose you Don't make me let you go Took such a long time For me to find you Don't make me let you go Baby I'm begging please And I'm down here on my knees I don't want to have to set you free Don't make me  What if when I'm long gone It dawns on you You just might want me back Let me make myself clear If I leave here It's done; I'm gone, that's that You carry my love around Like it's a heavy burden Well I'm about to take it back Are you sure it's worth it  Baby I love you Don't want to lose you Don't make me let you go Took such a long time For me to find you Don't make me let you go Baby I'm begging please And I'm down here on my knees I don't want to have to set you free Don't make me Don't make me  (Don't make me)  Baby I'm begging please And I'm down here on my knees I don't want to have to set you free Don't make me  Baby I love you Don't want to lose you Don't make me let you go  Don't make me Stop loving you  (Don't make me)  Stop needing you|Country
blakeshelton|The More I Drink|He was sittin' at the bar, sippin' on a regular Coke We were drinkin' and smokin' and makin' him the butt of our jokes We all said, "Man, what happened to you? Why can't you just have a few?" He said, "I would if I could, but it's probably best that I don't."  <i>[Chorus]</i> Cause the more I drink, the more I drink Yeah, I'm the world's greatest lover and a dancin' machine I get loud, I get proud....and it gets worse Well if I have one, I'll have thirteen Naw, there ain't no in-between Cause, the more I drink, the more I drink.  A couple of cold ones, and somebody hands me a shot. Hell, even buck-tooth and bow-legged women start lookin' hot And pretty soon I'm bummin' cigarettes and sweet talkin' some big brunette Yeah, once I get on a roll, ain't no tellin' where I'll stop  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Yep-yep Humm, that's what I'm talking about  Man, if I have one, I'll have thirteen And they can't get me off the kareoke machine, The more I drink...the more I drink. Yeah, the more I drink, the more I drink, the more I drink.|Country
blakeshelton|I Don't Care|<i>[Verse:]</i> There she was; Laughin', talkin', window shoppin' with a new guy. And I'd heard about him. I heard she found him right around when we said good-bye.  And I came real close and almost lost my temper. But I bit my tongue, kept my cool, 'cause I remembered...  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I don't care. She don't matter. I don't love her anymore, he can have her! I don't know why it slips my mind, I tell myself all the time; Guess I forgot again for a second there; That I don't care.  <i>[Verse:]</i> Almost 10:00. I should've known his car would still be parked in her drive. Almost pulled in; Knocked on her door and gave her a piece of my mind.  Oh, but I just kept on driving back to my place; Wonderin' why I went so far out of my way when...  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I don't care. She don't matter. I don't love her anymore, he can have her! I don't know why it slips my mind, I tell myself all the time; Guess I forgot again for a second there; That I don't care.  <i>[Bridge:]</i> When I got home, the light was blinkin' on that old machine. She said, "My brother's been in town, but he just left. And, I miss you! Give me a ring."  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I still care! She's all that matters! I still love her just like always, gotta have her. I never got her off my mind, been hopin' she would call sometime. I know it's late, to be drivin' over there, but I don't care! I don't care.|Country
blakeshelton|She Don't Love Me|You know if I'd seen her comin' I'd probably tried to hide But I came around the corner And she caught me by surprise There was no ice cold shoulder There was no ugly scene She just smiled and didn't say The things I thought she'd say to me  <i>[Chorus 1]</i> Well it was nothin' like that rainy night She left and slammed the door Not only she don't love me She don't hate me anymore  I felt like some neighbor Just some guy she once knew You'd never know she loved me And I broke her heart in two Was she hidin' her emotions Or did she really get that strong Right then she turned and Introduced me to her new friend John  <i>[Chorus 2]</i> I could tell the way he shook my hand He'd never heard of me before Not only she don't love me She don't hate me anymore  There was no ice cold shoulder There was no ugly scene She just smiled and didn't say The things I knew she'd say to me  <i>[Chorus 3]</i> I guess she got so caught up in him My memory's gone ignored Not only she don't love me She don't hate me anymore  <i>[Chorus 4]</i> I know it might sound crazy But I don't know what hurts me more Is it the fact that she don't love me|Country
blakeshelton|Back There Again|This old Buick's like a needle on a compass Pointed due west I remember her smile like June sunflowers And the look of her body as she slipped out of that dress God, I'm such a mess Never a mornin' person, but that girl's still in bed The sheets are tanglin' - her little arm is danglin' The last dream from her pretty head I told her I was leavin' She didn't believe the words I said  I ain't ever goin' I ain't ever goin' I ain't ever goin' Back there, again  She'll put on her makeup and drink from her tea cup Glance at that silver frame See, I took our picture and then it'll hit her She'll cry out with pain Maybe, whisper my name  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  No one's gonna make me Nothing's gonna take me I ain't ever goin'  Back there, again  Now, don't blame her mama - for makin' me promise Don't come around here, no more She said, "maybe your life's gone to hell  But, that's a tour of duty she didn't sign up for"  When you can't save yourself, you save somebody else Maybe that's how you survive I'm runnin' away so she don't have to see A life in slow-motion suicide You throw in the towl - they call you a coward Tell ya - fight, don't cut and run I ain't no hero, but the truth is I know It's the bravest thing I've ever done The hardest part is knowing what we could have Shoud have become  I ain't ever goin' I ain't ever goin' I ain't ever goin'  No one's gonna make me  Nothing's gonna take me I ain't ever goin' Goin'  To break her heart, again|Country
blakeshelton|It Ain't Easy Bein' Me|There ought to be a town out there, Named for how I feel. Yeah I could be the mayor down there, And say welcome to Sorryville. It won't be on a map nowhere, You might say that it doesn't exist, But if you make enough wrong turns It'd be hard to miss.  There ought to be a bridge somewhere They could dedicate to me. I'd probably come to the ceremony With a can of gasoline; Walk on over to the other side And there I'd light a match And sit and stare through the smoke and the flames Wonderin' how I'm ever gonna get back.  Why do I do the things I do? Was I born this way? Am I a self-made fool? I shoot the lights and curse the dark; I need your love but I break your heart; And I know the words that'll bring you back, But I don't say nothin' as I watch you pack. I had to work to be the jerk I've come to be; It ain't easy bein' me.  Ought to be a side show act for freaks like me; Yeah I could be the star of the show With my name on the marquee. In a room with a big red button that says "Do Not Touch," And twice a day I'd mash it down And you could watch me self-destruct.  Why do I do the things I do? Was I born this way? Am I a self-made fool? I shoot the lights and curse the dark; I need your love but I break your heart; And I know the words that'll bring you back, But I don't say nothin' as I watch you pack. I had to work to be the jerk I've come to be; It ain't easy bein' me.|Country
blakeshelton|What I Wouldn't Give|Leave the radio on just to hear a voice other than mine Cause I can't bear to hear the cold truth running through my mind. Cause everything I did wrong just keeps haunting me, it won't let me be Lying here without you, girl I'm starting to see why you gave up on me. What I wouldn't give just to go back when you were in my life I'd do it right this time. What I didn't do is give my whole heart to you and that's why you're gone I know I was wrong and I'll never hold you again, cause of what I wouldn't give. It kills me to think how much you tried to make things work.  I wouldn't listen to you, all I would do is put myself first. I took you for granted and I pushed you away a little more each day. Somewhere inside this hell I have seen my mistakes oh but now it's too late. What I wouldn't give just to go back when you were in life, I'd do it right this time. What I didn't do is give my whole heart to you and that's why you're gone I know I was wrong and I'll never hold you again, cause of what I wouldn't give. What I didn't do is give my whole heart to you and that's why you're gone I know I was wrong and I'll never hold you again cause of what I wouldn't give... cause of what I wouldn't give...|Country
blakeshelton|I Have Been Lonely|You told me I'd regret it On the day I left you I had the nerve to laugh As I walked away Well, its been six months And eighteen days Feelin' nothin' but This empty pain  And I just had to tell you  Even if there's nothin' Left to say  <i>[Chorus:]</i>  I felt the burnin' on the hurtin' side Of a love that didn't work out right The empty longin' on a long cold night I have been lonely I've leaned on no one when the times got tough When it comes to heartaches lord I've had enough Know what it's like to live without your love I have been lonely I was gonna show you That I didn't need you Now I need to show you I was wrong Here I am knees to the floor I don't wanna live like this no more I'm heartbeat in misery Now all my pride is gone  <i>[Chorus:]</i>  I felt the burnin' on the hurtin' side Of a love that didn't work out right The empty longin' on a long cold night I have been lonely I've leaned on no one when the times got tough When it comes to heartaches lord I've had enough Know what it's like to live without your love I have been lonely I have been lonely I have been lonely|Country
blakeshelton|She Can't Get That|He meets her at the front door, he can tell she's had a hard day at work She's been needing him and he's sure been wantin' her He touches her with tenderness, takes her in his arms and takes it slow What a shame she can't get that at home.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> What a shame she can't get that at home There's nothing back there but a lonely house  And love ain't all about wood and stone He satisfies all her needs and wants  What a shame she can't get that at home.  After the lovin', they lie there and talk for a while She loves how he listens and he sure loves to see her smile He wants to keep her but he loves her enough to let her go What a shame she can't get that at home.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> What a shame she can't get that at home There's nothing back there but a lonely house And love ain't all about wood and stone He satisfies all her needs and wants What a shame she can't get that at home.  He satisfies all her needs and wants What a shame she can't get that at home...|Country
blakeshelton|The Last Country Song|There a roadhouse just outside of town on a two-lane blacktop Where all the folks come to hear country music play And every year the city's gettin' closer, Lord knows it won't stop And old Hank the bartender gave us the bad news today, yeah he said  <i>[CHORUS:]</i>  This land was our land but Lord now it's their land And we're still here, but not for long So let's raise a cold one and play all the old ones 'Til we've sung the last country song  There's 300 acres of cotton corn and a little bit of gravel All bought up by a builder from downtown Tomorrow when the earth starts a-shakin and the walls start to rattle A big bulldozer's gonna take Hank's roadhouse down, so everybody sing  <i>[CHORUS]</i>  Will we play "Swingin'" or "He Stopped Loving Her Today" It's really sad to see it end this way  <i>[CHORUS]</i>  'Til we've sung the last country song Oh we've sung the last country song Oh we've sung the last country song|Country
blakeshelton|Heavy Liftin'|Yeah!  I hit the ground runnin' with the mornin' sun. When a job needs doin', I get it done. I show up early an' I go home late. Everybody knows I pull my weight.  'Cause I don't mind doin',  A little heavy liftin'. I'm always givin', My everything. Even when I'm hurtin', I keep on workin'. And as long as I'm still alive an' kickin', I'll be stickin' to the heavy liftin'.  Well, baby, I hurt, he done me wrong. The goin' got tough an' got gone. Well, he ain't here an' I ain't him. An' even if the walls come fallin' in.  You know I don't mind doin',  A little heavy liftin'. I'm always givin', My everything. Even when I'm hurtin', I keep on workin'. And as long as I'm still alive an' kickin', I'll be stickin' to the heavy liftin'. Yeah.  Baby, when your heart is achin', Lean on me, my back ain't breakin'. All I'm sayin' is:  I don't mind doin',  A little heavy liftin'. I'm always givin', My everything. Even when I'm hurtin', I keep on workin'. And as long as I'm still alive an' kickin', I'll be stickin' to the heavy liftin'.  Honey, I ain't quittin', I'm always givin', My everything.  Yeah.  As long as I'm still alive an' kickin', I'll be stickin' to the heavy liftin'. Yeah.|Country
blakeshelton|The Baby|My brother said that I was rotten to the core. I was the youngest child, so I got by with more.  I guess she was tired by the time I came along. She'd laugh until she cried, I could do no wrong. She would always save me, because I was her baby.  I worked a factory in Ohio, a shrimp boat in the Bayou, I drove a truck in Birmingham. Turned 21 in Cincinnati, I called home to mom and daddy, I said "Your boy is now a man." She said "I don't care if you're 80, you'll always be my baby."  She loved that photograph, of our whole family. She'd always point us out, for all her friends to see.  That's Greg he's doing great, he really loves his job. And Ronnie with his 2 kids, how 'bout that wife he's got. And that one's kinda crazy, but that one is my baby.  I got a call in Alabama, said come on home to Louisianna and come as fast as you can fly. Cause your momma really needs you, and says she's got to see you, she might not make it through the night. The whole way I drove 80 so she could see her baby.  She looked like she was sleepin' and my family had been weepin' by the time that I got to her side. And I knew that she'd been taken, and my heart it was breakin', I never got to say goodbye.  I softly kissed that lady and cried just like a baby.|Country
blakeshelton|Asphalt Cowboy|The sun has opened up my eyes And I don't wanna leave your side For that lonesome road but here I go Climbing back behind the wheel Of fifty feet of chrome and steel And a load they need in Chicago Through the middle of the night unknown I'm on a ride that won't let me go  I'm an asphalt cowboy Born to run underneath the stars Pay no mind to my lonely heart Just ride, ride 'Til I'm back in your arms again I'll be out here on the wind  Sometimes late at night I see your picture by the dashboard light And it takes me where I'd like to be Wrapped up in a blanket there Pulling ribbons from your hair And your kiss, Girl, that's what I miss Still I drive these horses through the rain and snow This high-speed rodeo is all I know  And I'm an asphalt cowboy Born to run underneath the stars Pay no mind to my lonely heart Just ride, ride 'Til I'm back in your arms again I'll be out here on the wind  And I'll ride Until I'm back in your arms again I'll be out here on the wind  And I'll ride Through the middle of the night unknown On a ride that won't let me go|Country
blakeshelton|In My Heaven|In my heaven there ain't no lawyers Don't need names on dotted lines Folks do business like they oughtta A good firm handshake works just fine We feed lawyers to the lions  In my heaven there ain't no children Totin' loaded guns to school Ain't no such thing as peer pressure Being who you are is cool They still teach that golden rule  In my heaven we hurt no one No lying, crying, or dying young No one's lonely, no one's scared And anyone is welcome there In my heaven  In my heaven I can sing like Elvis Play guitar like B. B. King Slide a fastball past Hank Aaron Batter, batter, batter swing I can do most anything  In my heaven we hurt no one No lying, crying, or dying young No one's lonely, no one's scared And anyone is welcome there In my heaven  I know that it's God's decision What my heaven's gonna be And I ain't telling him his business But if he left it up to me  Then in my heaven There's football with no referees In my heaven There's never been an injury In my heaven Angels yodel when they sing In my heaven The fish'll bite most anything In my heaven In my heaven In my heaven|Country
blakeshelton|The Dreamer|Funny thing about dreamers When the dream is in their sights Just to get where they're goin' They leave a lot of good things behind  Guess you could call me a dreamer And I've seen it all come true So I smile when I need to look happy And do all the things they tell me to Yeah I'm a big self-made man And a fool who can't understand  I thought I needed fortune I thought I needed fame But all I need is to hear you Whisper my name  If I could only make the future An extension of my past I'd take these broken memories And make those moments last Now that my ship has come I wonder what have I done  I thought I needed fortune I thought I needed fame But all I need is to hear you Whisper my name  I thought I needed fortune I thought I needed fame But all I need is to hear you Whisper my name  Oh yeah whisper baby|Country
blakeshelton|My Neck of the Woods|Grandpa's down By the two lane In the blazing sun Or pouring rain Sells tomatoes From the back Of his pickup truck Reads the Bible line for line While sipping on Some homeade wine  That's who he is And what he does He's just like us  My Dad's got A crippled hand A casualty of Vietnam But he's still down At the sawmill every day Oh and first thing 'Fore the break of dawn Mama's got his eggs And coffee on  My whole life It's been that way  We come from Back in the hollers We got sweat On our blue collars The living's hard But the living's good You see God sent The heavens down And hung 'em 'round My neck of the woods  Just as sure as the river flows We take care of our own Step right up when someone needs a friend  Last year on the Johnson farm A fire wiped out the house and barn The whole town showed up To build 'em back again, all right  We come from Back in the hollers We got sweat On our blue collars The living's hard But the living's good You see God sent The heavens down And hung 'em 'round My neck of the woods  We come from Back in the hollers We got sweat On our blue collars The living's hard But the living's good You see God sent The heavens down And hung 'em 'round My neck of the woods|Country
blakeshelton|Underneath the Same Moon|Shadows of the night Moving on the ground Like silent clouds They follow me around As I wander the dark Through the midnight mist Remembering our last kiss Do you know how much  You're missed  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Tonight I stand in this lonely place I search the heavens For some saving grace And I cry, dying without you I know you're somewhere Looking up there too Right now that's all Two distant hearts can do Oh-ooh, at least were underneath  Underneath the same moon  Picturing your face Flowers in your hair Like you always wear  Oh I can see you there Longing to be touched But you're out of reach Oh hold on please Won't you wait for me  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  la la la  la la la la la la  Oh-ooh At least were underneath Underneath the same moon  Shadows of the night Moving all around Moving on the ground  They follow me around|Country
blakeshelton|Georgia in a Jug|Mason jars on the dresser  Filled with quarters and dollars savin em for our trip around the world  But now you've changed your tune  There'll be no honeymoon  So I'm going there without you girl  I'm going down to Mexico in a glass of tequila  Going down to Purto Rico in a bottle of rum Going to Honolulu in a mai tai mug  Then I'm coming back home to  Georgia in a jug.  We'll never ride that bus to Mexico City  It's a pity we'll never sail our ship into Waikiki and  We'll never share that brick suburban home  Today I'm taking that money out of the jar  Tonight I'll buy my ticket down at the corner bar  I'm going down to Mexico in a glass of tequila  Going down to Purto Rico in a bottle of rum Going to Honolulu in a mai tai mug  Then I'm coming back home to  Georgia in a jug.|Country
blakeshelton|Playboys of the Southwestern World|This is a song About best friends  John Roy Was a boy I knew Since he was three And I was two Grew up two little houses Down from me  The only two bad apples On our family tree Kind of ripened and rotted In our puberty Two kindred spirits bound by destiny  Well now I was smart But I lacked ambition Johnny was wild With no inhibition Was about like mixin Fire and gasoline (And he'd say)  Hey Romeo Let's go down to Mexico Chase senoritas Drink ourselves silly Show them Mexican girls A couple of real hillbillies Got a pocket full of cash And that old Ford truck A fuzzy cat hangin From the mirror for luck Said don't you know All those little Brown-eyed girls Want playboys of the southwestern world  Long around Our eighteenth year We found two plane tickets The hell out of here Got scholarships To some small town School in Texas  Learned to drink Sangria Til the dawns early light Eat eggs Ranchero And throw up all night And tell those daddy's girls We were majoring in a rodeo  Ah but my Favorite memory At school that fall Was the night John Roy Came runnin down the hall Wearin nothin But cowboy boots And a big sombrero (And he was yellin)  Hey Romeo Let's go down to Mexico Chase senoritas Drink ourselves silly Show them Mexican girls A couple of real hillbillies Got a pocket full of cash And that old Ford truck A fuzzy cat hangin From the mirror for luck Said don't you know All those little Brown-eyed girls Want playboys of the southwestern world  And I said We had a little Change in plans Like when Paul McCartney Got busted in Japan And I said We got waylaid When we laid foot On Mexican soil See the boarder guard With the Fu Manchu mustache Kind of stumbled on John's Pocket full of American cash He said Doin a little funny business In Mexico Amigo  But all I could think about Was savin my own tail When he mentioned ten years In a Mexican jail So I pointed to John Roy and said It's all his now please let me go Well it was your idea genius I was just layin there in bed When you said  Hey Romeo Let's go down to Mexico Chase senoritas Drink ourselves silly Show them Mexican girls A couple of real hillbillies Got a pocket full of cash And that old Ford truck A fuzzy cat hangin From the mirror for luck Said don't you know All those little Brown-eyed girls Want playboys of the southwestern world  Ah we're still best friends Temporary cell mates|Country
blakeshelton|Someday|If time has no end and if time has no end  A billion years a trillion years what then is infinity  A cirlce an enternal loop  It can drive you crazy searching for the truth  Someday will we know all about it  Have no reason to doubt it  Someday   Before we were babies  There's nothing we recall and when we go back  Will it fade to black and that's all  Or could we be destined for some other time and place  And have we lived other lives our memories have erased  Someday will we know all about it  Have no reason to doubt it  Someday   Will we see Jesus comin as the sunshine fills the night  Or when we die will we fly into the light  Will we all be reunited with the ones who've gone away  And will we love each other the way we do today I believe  Someday we'll know all about it  Have no reason to doubt it  Someday|Country
blakeshelton|Some Beach|Driving down the interstate Running thirty minutes late Singing Margaritaville and minding my own Some foreign car driver dude with the road rage attitude Pulled up beside me talking on his cell phone He started yelling at me like I did something wrong He flipped me the bird an' then he was gone  Some beach Somewhere There's a big umbrella casting shade over a empty chair Palm trees are growing and a warm breezes a blowing I picture myself right there On Some beach, somewhere  I circled the parking lot trying to find a spot Just big enough I could park my old truck A man with a big cigar was getting into his car I stopped and I waited for him to back up From out of no where a Mercedes Benz Came cruising up and whipped right in  Some beach Somewhere There's no where to go when you got all day to get there There's cold margaritas and hot Senioritas smiling with long dark hair On some beach Somewhere  I sat in that waiting room It seemed like all afternoon The nurse finally said doc's ready for you you're not gonna feel a thing we'll give you some novocain That tooth will be fine in a minute or two But he stuck that needle down deep in my gum And he started drilling before I was numb  Some beach Somewhere There's a beautiful sunset burning up that atmosphere There's music and dancing and lovers romancing In the salty evening air On some beach Somewhere On some beach, somewhere|Country
blakeshelton|Nobody but Me|Don't waste your time looking over your shoulder Those loves from the past ain't getting no closer When I look in my future you're all I can see Don't go loving on nobody but me.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Nobody but me gonna love you like you ought to be loved on Nobody but me gonna cry if you up and leave You can do what you want to,  But I'm asking pretty please (Honey) Don't go loving on nobody but me.  I took my time to tell you how I feel Just because I took so long don't mean that it isn't real I ain't got no diamond, but I'm down on my knees Don't go loving on nobody but me.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Nobody but me gonna love you like you ought to be loved on Nobody but me gonna cry if you up and leave You can do what you want to,  But I'm asking pretty please (Honey) Don't go loving on nobody but me.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Nobody but me gonna love you like you ought to be loved on Nobody but me gonna cry if you up and leave You can do what you want to,  But I'm asking pretty please (Honey) Don't go loving on nobody but me.  Don't go loving on nobody but me...|Country
blakeshelton|Good Old Boy, Bad Old Boyfriend|Baby baby baby He's got you cryin' again Baby baby baby  He's got you cryin' again He's a Good Old Boy but he's a Bad Old Boyfriend.  I know that he loves you Looks like he'd show it now and then I know that he loves you Looks like he'd show it now and then He's a Good Old Boy but he's a Bad Old Boyfriend.  He kicks off his shoes throws down this coat Opens a beer grabs the remote Your never heard your seldom seen A joker don't deserve a queen  Baby baby baby  Why don't you just get rid of him (Tell him to go) He's a Good Old Boy but he's a Bad Old Boyfriend. (That's right)  He makes you cry I'll make you laugh He rubs you wrong I'll rub your back Your never heard your seldom seen A joker don't deserve a queen Baby baby baby   Why don't you just get rid of him (Bye Bubba) He's a Good Old Boy but he's a Bad Old Boyfriend. He's a Good Old Boy but he's a Bad Old Boyfriend. Good Old Boy Bad Old Boyfriend.|Country
blakeshelton|Love Gets in the Way|Little by little, now babe I've come a long, long way Picking up the pieces That you threw away Did you give it up Did I let you down Either way, it doesn't matter Cause I'm finally comin' 'round I hope you find where you belong Hello - goodbye Life goes on  In another town, in a little place Looking in the eyes of a pretty face I ain't no fool I know what she's thinkin' I can hold her in my arms But, I could never let her stay Cause, love Your sweet love Still gets in the way  Minute by minute I hear the voice in my heart And make a new start So, I think a little less I drink a little more Cause, all in all she's everything That I've been waiting for She smiles that smile I face the fact Love's a give and take thing And I can't give it back|Country
blakeshelton|Goodbye Time|It's your life - you say you need a change Don't all the dreams we've seen come true mean anything You say it's different now and you keep staring at the door How can you walk away don't I matter anymore   If being free's worth what you leave behind And if it's too late for love to change your mind Then it's goodbye time  If we had known our love would come to this We could have saved our hearts the hurt of wasted years Well it's been fun - what else can I say If the feeling's gone words won't stop you anyway  If being free's worth what you leave behind And if it's too late for love to change your mind Then it's goodbye time|Country
blakeshelton|Cotton Pickin' Time|On a Mississippi mornin' My dad yelled out a warnin' Son you better hit that cotton patch soon And on my way down to the field As I passed Old Johnson's Mill I saw Becky Morgan, skinny dippin' nude.  Well I couldn't help but stop and stare Hypnotized I stood right there Enchanted by the beauty that I'd seen Then she gave me a come in smile Nearly drove my body wild I fell down tryin' to kick off my jeans.  <i>[Chorus]</i> Well on that cotton pickin' mornin' I met up with Becky Morgan You know that day I didn't get to work on time And in the days of my December I know I both remember Sowin' oats at Cotton Pickin' Time.  Well I lost my job that summer But I guess I had it comin' Cause that pickin' cotton just wasn't on my mind But you don't need too much money When you got a Tupelo honey Keepin' you cool in the Mississippi hot sunshine.  <i>[Chorus 2]</i> And every cotton pickin' mornin' I met up with Becky Morgan The whole dang I never get to work on time And in the days of my December I know I both remember Sowin' oats at Cotton Pickin' Time.  We've come a long way since then Now I own that cotton gin And I bought that mill Just to make her smile And to keep our love from growin' old We still go down there to that hole Skinny dip and Becky is just as wild.  <i>[Chorus 3]</i> And every cotton pickin' mornin' I wake up with Becky Morgan And to this day I never get to work on time And in the days of our December I know we'll both remember Sowin' oats at Cotton Pickin' Time. <i>[2x]</i>  We were sowin' oats at Cotton Pickin' Time We were sowin' oats at Cotton Pickin' Time.|Country
blakeshelton|What's on My Mind|I can't have this conversation Without lots of reservations on the line If there's a way to slip around it Then I'm bound to get around it one more time  Honey you are so persuasive  But it makes me more evasive when you pry You can label me elusive But the facts are inconclusive at this time  'Cause you can't handle what's on my mind I've got roses growing over what you'd find But keep on asking if you're inclined 'Cause you can't handle what's on my mind   I don't mean to drive you crazy Comin' off all vague and hazy just because I don't have an answer for you I just wouldn't want to bore you if it does  But keep on asking if you're inclined But, you can't handle what's on my mind No, you can't handle what's on my mind|Country
blakeshelton|When Somebody Knows You That Well|Tommy's daddy, kept a six pack in the fridge We thought we were old enough, To do what Daddy's did. It didn't take us long to go From drunk to really sick. When I walked in my house, I stumbled just a bit.  You play it cool, But it's no use, Dad ain't no fool, And that's the truth. Chewing gum won't cover, Up that smell. You can't hide one single thought, If you try, you'll just get caught. When somebody knows you that well.  We lost Daddy, In nineteen ninety-nine. I took care of everybody's pain, Except for mine. And then one night,  My wife took my face in her hands. She said, "I think it's time you cry  for your old man."  You play it cool,  But it's no use. She ain't no fool, And that's the truth. And my teardrops finally fell. You can't hide one single thought, If you try, you'll just get caught. When somebody knows you that well.  I could probably do more, To help my fellow man. But life gets busy, And I hope God understands. Someday, when I get time, I'll do more than my share. Funny how I'm thinkin' this, Sittin' in my easy chair.  You play it cool, But it's no use. God ain't no fool, And that's the truth. And he won't let you fool yourself. You can't hide one single thought, If you try, you'll just get caught.  When somebody knows you that well...  When somebody knows you that well.|Country
blakeshelton|On a Good Day|On A Good Day, when I think about her I only cry a couple hundred tears On A Good Day, when I can't forget about her I can dull the pain with just a couple beers On A Good Day I can even fake a smile When somebody says I'm gonna be ok But as you can plainly see I'm not havin' On A Good Day.  So set em up  Here's a hundred dollars keep em comin' Joe (whoa whoa) When I've had enough Call this number and my brother  Will pour me in his car and drive me home On A Good Day, I become the kind of man that even I can barely tolerate And as you can plainly see I'm not havin' On A Good Day.  On A Good Day, I would never crash a party Knowin' she'd be there with someone else And On A Good Day, I would have stopped before I started  To make a major fool of myself On A Good Day, I'd been quick enough to duck Before her new love punched me in the face But as you can plainly see I'm not havin' On A Good Day.  Yeah I only see you Joe When I'm not havin' A Good Day No I'm not havin' A Good Day.|Country
blakeshelton|The Bartender|Mr. Bourbon and Coke laughs At all of my jokes when he's drinking Mr. Martini stares and he Never shares what he's thinking.  Miss Sexy Red Wine tells me at closing time That she'll phone me Mr. Whiskey Shot Glass watches hookers Walk past when he's lonely.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I'm a bartender I pour the drinkers Laugh with the sinners And cry with the saints And even if they don't remember I try to make their bar tender.  Mr. Never Does Tip says That none of his kids ever call home Mrs. Chews On Her Lip tells someone She's at work on her cell phone.  Mrs. Husband Just Died always Breaks down and cries on the weekends  Just another long night in a Bartender's life with some good friends.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I'm a bartender I pour the drinkers Laugh with the sinners And cry with the saints And even if they don't remember I try to make their bar tender.  And even if they don't remember I try to make their bar tender...|Country
blakeshelton|I Drink|He'd get home at five-thirty Fix a drink and sit down in his chair Pick a fight with momma Complain about the kids gettin' in his hair At night he'd sit alone and smoke I'd see his frown behind the lighters flame Now that same frowns in my mirror I got my daddy's blood inside my veins.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Fish swim, birds fly Daddys' yell, mommas' cry Old men sit and think I Drink.  Chicken TV dinner Six minutes on defrost three on high Beer to wash it down then another Some whiskey on the side It's not so bad alone here It don't bother me that every nights the same I don't need another lover hangin' around Tryin' to make me change.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Fish swim, birds fly Lovers leave, by and by Old men sit and think I Drink.  I know, what I am But I don't, give a damn.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Fish swim, birds fly Daddys' yell, mommas' cry Old men sit and think I Drink.  I Drink.|Country
blakeshelton|Honey Bee|Girl, I been thinkin' 'bout us And you know I ain't good at this stuff These feelings pilin' up Won't give me no rest This might come out a little crazy A little sideways. Yeah, maybe I don't know how long it'll take me But I'll do my best  You'll be my soft and sweet I'll be your strong and steady You'll be my glass of wine I'll be your shot of whiskey You'll be my sunny day I'll be your shady tree You'll be my honeysuckle I'll be your honey bee  Yeah, that came out a little country But every word was right on the money And I got you smiling, honey Right back at me Now hold on 'cause I ain't done There's more where that came from Well, you know I'm just havin' fun But seriously  You'll be my Louisiana I'll be your Mississippi You'll be my Little Loretta I'll be your Conway Twitty You'll be my sugar, baby I'll be your sweet iced tea You'll be my honeysuckle I'll be your honey bee  Your kiss just said it all I'm glad we had this talk Nothing left to do but fall in each other's arms I coulda said a "I love you" Coulda wrote you a line or two Baby, all I know to do is speak right from the heart  If you'll be my soft and sweet I'll be your strong and steady You'll be my glass of wine I'll be your shot of whiskey You'll be my sunny day I'll be your shady tree You'll be my honeysuckle I'll be your honey bee  You'll be my Louisiana I'll be your Mississippi You'll be my Little Loretta I'll be your Conway Twitty You'll be my sugar baby I'll be your sweet iced tea You'll be my honeysuckle And I'll be your honey bee  I'll be your honey bee|Country
blakeshelton|Ready To Roll|Girl I've been at work all week Fingers to the bone I need A little hit of you and me A little time alone  All day I've been thinking about Quitting early skipping out Hollin' ass to hit the couch And hang with you at home  We got some laid back country tunes on the radio We gonna burn all afternoon like it's something to smoke We gotta whole lot of nothing to do and nowhere to go So baby I don't know about you but I'm ready to roll  Let other fools go paint the town We'll just hold this sofa down Till Monday morning rolls around I'll tell you what let's do  You go grab those tater chips I'll whip up some party dip And well kick back and take a trip Sip a beer or two  We got some laid back country tunes on the radio We gonna burn all afternoon like it's something to smoke We gotta whole lot of nothing to do and nowhere to go So baby I don't know about you but I'm ready to roll  Yeah we got some laid back country tunes on the radio We gonna burn all afternoon like it's something to smoke We gotta whole lot of nothing to do and nowhere to go So baby I don't know about you but I'm ready to roll  Yeah I'm ready to roll Ready to roll|Country
blakeshelton|God Gave Me You|I've been a walking heartache I've made a mess of me The person that I've been lately Ain't who I wanna be  But you stay here right beside me And watch as the storm blows through And I need you  'Cause God gave me you for the ups and downs God gave me you for the days of doubt And for when I think I lost my way There are no words here left to say, It's true God gave me you Gave me you  There's more here than what we're seeing A divine conspiracy That you—an angel lovely— Could somehow fall for me  You'll always be love's great martyr And I'll be the flattered fool And I need you  God gave me you for the ups and downs God gave me you for the days of doubt And for when I think I lost my way There are no words here left to say, It's true God gave me you  On my own I'm only Half of what I could be I can't do without you We are stitched together And what love has tethered I pray we never undo  'Cause God gave me you for the ups and downs God gave me you for the days of doubt  God gave me you for the ups and downs God gave me you for the days of doubt And for when I think I lost my way There are no words here left to say, It's true God gave me you, gave me you He gave me you|Country
blakeshelton|Get Some|You get up You get coffee You get paid You get off You get gas You get beer You get drunk You get weird You get drove home You get up thrown  You get hungry You get chicken Your guitar needs pickin' You get tan You get pale You get sick You get well You get dressed up You get messed up  Everybody say, God Almighty it's Friday Everybody get sideways to have a little fun Everybody's livin' Everybody's tryin' Everybody's dyin' To get some  You get lost You get saved You get waxed You get shaved You get high, real high Forget your next line You get drive-thru, dollar menu  Everybody say, God Almighty it's Friday Everybody get sideways to have fun Everybody's livin' Everybody's tryin' Everybody's dyin' To get some  <i>[Guitar]</i>  You get the girl You get the one You get her home You get'r done You get hitched You get mad She gets a lawyer She gets half You get banged up You gotta raise up That red Dixie cup  And everybody say, God Almighty it's Friday Everybody get sideways to have a little fun Everybody's livin' Everybody's tryin' Everybody's dyin' to get some Everybody's dyin' to get some Dyin' to get some|Country
blakeshelton|Drink On It|Hey girl, hey where ya goin'? Come back and sit back down You look too good to be heading home so early now You say you gotta work tomorrow Got a lot on your mind Let me buy another round Girl I think you and I should just  Drink on it Put our heads together and think on it Maybe later on we can sleep on it But for right now Girl we just need to drink on it  We can talk rocket science Jesus or politics How your boyfriend cheated on you Man he sounds like such a prick I could use another whiskey And your Cosmo's gettin' low While we're trying to figure out The next place we should go  We can drink on it Put our heads together and think on it Maybe later on we can sleep on it But for right now Girl we just need to drink on it  This place is closing down But I don't wanna quit Gotta good thing going girl Let's find out what it is  And drink on it Your place or mine Girl we can drink on it Dust off a bottle and drink on it Feels like we're doin' something right Let's find a corner of the night Where you and I can just drink on it Put our heads together and think on it Maybe later on we can sleep on it But for right now Girl we just need to drink on it  Might make a memory that we won't forget  So let's just drink on it Yeah Mmmm Drink on it Sleep on it We can just drink on it|Country
blakeshelton|Good Ole Boys|Well every time I turn around I see some dude dressed like a clown Baggy pants and a cap on sideways They don't say ma'am or sir no more They won't even hold a door for a woman Well it's a cryin' shame  Tell me where did all the good ole boys go Must be workin' on a farm Or out there chasin' rainbows Are they back in Oklahoma Or at a Texas rodeo Tell me where did all the good ole boys go  Are they sittin' on an old bar stool Tellin' lies and cuttin' the fool Talkin' about the way it was and wishin' Or down in Orange Beach, Alabama Hangin' out at the Flora-Bama Headed out the pass and goin' fishin'  Tell me where did all the good ole boys go Must be workin' on a farm Or out there chasin' rainbows Are they hidin' down in Georgia Or at a Texas rodeo Tell me where did all the good ole boys go  Are they drivin' cattle and ridin' high Livin' life the cowboy way Or down there on the front line Fightin' off the bad guys Givin' em hell for the good ole USA  Tell me where did all the good ole boys go Must be workin' on a farm Or out there chasin' rainbows Are they back in Oklahoma Or at a Texas rodeo Tell me where did all the good ole boys go Yeah just where the hell did the good ole boys go  <i>[Spoken]</i> I know where a few of 'em are Down there in southern Oklahoma There's even some down in Texas I even saw one in New York one time You know what I'm talkin' about ladies Hell, I'll hold the door for ya I'll hold your purse for ya And I'll even go pick up some feminine products for ya That's what a good ole boy'll do|Country
blakeshelton|I'm Sorry|You say you don't know what you were thinking, Well neither do I. And after the time we spent together, You think you deserve another try.  Well girl I don't know what it is That you're expecting Just because you looked me in the eye  And say you're sorry, Oh, you're sorry, You want it back the way it was. Well I'm sorry, But sometimes sorry, Just ain't good enough.  You say you never meant to hurt me, Well that might be true. But do you really think I should forgive you, For what you put me through.  Oh, I remember every time you said you loved me But I know now your love was just a lie  And you say you're sorry, Oh you're sorry, You want it back the way it was. Well I'm sorry, But sometimes sorry, Just ain't good enough.  Oh, girl I don't know what it is That you're expecting Just because you looked me in the eye  And say you're sorry...  Oh, you're sorry, So sorry, And you want it back the way it was. Well I'm sorry, But sometimes sorry, Just ain't good enough.|Country
blakeshelton|Sunny In Seattle|When it's sunny in Seattle and it's snowing down in New Orleans And them boys from Amarillo stop wearin' those boots and jeans When Memphis ain't got the blues That's when I'll stop lovin' you When it's sunny in Seattle and it's snowing down in new Orleans  Baby, I don't mind you askin' If there's gonna come a day When I'll say goodbye Maybe, I guess anything could happen But it's as close to never As you're ever gonna find  When it's sunny in Seattle and it's snowing down in New Orleans And them boys from Amarillo stop wearin' those boots and jeans When there's no tequila in Mexico That's when I'm gonna let you go When it's sunny in Seattle and it's snowing down in New Orleans  Darlin', some things won't ever change My love is one of those things  When New York is a one horse town That's when I won't need you 'round When it's sunny in Seattle and it's snowing down in New Orleans When it's sunny in Seattle and it's snowing down in New Orleans|Country
blakeshelton|Over|<i>[Verse 1:]</i> If I could I would dare Feed your dreams And starve your fears If I could Light the world We could sit And watch it burn We could fall asleep inside the glow  <i>[Chorus:]</i> So tell me what I gotta do to win you over You'll never have to wonder if you need another You'll never have to wonder if I understand And every time you reach for me you'll find a hand out Ohhh  <i>[Verse 2:]</i> If I could Take you in Feeling you deep Beneath my skin Then I could Slip away With you as a poison in my veins I don't wanna fall asleep alone And wake up knowing that I died without the one  <i>[Chorus: x2]</i> So tell me what I gotta do to win you over You'll never have to wonder if you need another You'll never have to wonder if I understand And every time you reach for me you'll find a hand out Ohhh  <i>[Ending:]</i> If I could I would dare Feed your dreams And starve your fears...|Country
blakeshelton|Hey|Hey, hey, I'm out here bailin' hay. And all my friends are cruisin' 'round town. Checkin' out the pretty girls Hey! And what do they say They say hey, hey, Park that Deere, come out and play, Kick that tire, wipe my perspire Cause my whole life is hay.  Growin' like weeds, stick out your teeth Playin' underneath the baby Jesus Blowin' out the truck, headin' down the highway Lookin' pretty soft up in the loft Come on baby kick your cowgirls off I'm pickin' you up after I draw my pay And we'll be rollin' in the hay  Hey, hey, Ford, Dodge, Chevrolet Different strokes for different folks A little fella walks up in a pink beret He says "Hey" - Hey, hell that's OK Turn the guitars up and raise them cups Hell my whole life is hay.  Growin' like weeds, stick out your teeth Playin' underneath the baby Jesus Blowin' out the truck, headin' down the highway Lookin' pretty soft up in the loft Come on baby kick your cowgirls off I'm pickin' you up after I draw my pay And we'll be rollin' in the hay  Put it on a flatbed and go for a ride Under the moonlight, you by my side Give it to the cow, make it go moo Koo-koo-kachoo, kick it off your shoe Break a camel's back, jack Then you put it in a stack yeah.  Growin' like weeds, stick out your teeth Playin' underneath the baby Jesus Blowin' out the truck, headin' down the highway Lookin' pretty soft up in the loft Come on baby kick your cowgirls off I'm pickin' you up after I draw my pay And we'll be rollin' in the hay  My whole life is hay Rollin' in the hay Hey! Now come here, hey, hey Hey!|Country
blakeshelton|Red River Blue|On the Oklahoma shore of that old red river I stand right here and curse my pride. That river runs deep That current is strong And the woman I love is on the other side. How did the love we made together Break apart and drift away Leave me lost and lonely On this crimson bank  Red River Blue God pull me through I'd walk through fire if that bridge hadn't burned in two Texoma sky Tears in my eyes She said goodbye and now I'm red river blue  They say everything is bigger Under that Texas moon I'll bet my right hand you won't find a bigger fool She's probably smiling somewhere tonight In someone else's arms I'm here dragging the muddy bottom For pieces of my heart  Red River Blue God pull me through I'd walk through fire if that bridge hadn't burned in two Texoma sky Tears in my eyes She said goodbye and now I'm red river blue She said goodbye and now I'm red river blue|Country
artist|song_name|lyrics|genre
billycurrington|Hey Girl|Hey girl, what's your name girl I've been lookin' at you And every guy here's doin' the same girl It'd be a shame girl If I let you just walk on by 'Cause I'm all caught up in your sweet smile A girl like you comes around once in a while So hot, gotta give it a shot Gotta get get a little bit of what you got  I know you don't know me but I can't leave here lonely Knowin' I didn't even try to make you mine and You might think I'm crazy Girl but who could blame me You're lookin' so fine, got me all tongue tied And the only line I can think to say is  Hey girl, whatcha think girl You look a little thirsty lemme go getcha something to drink girl Before you blink girl I'll be right back by your side And if you want we can roll out I know my way around this town I got a shotgun seat for you You can tell me where it is you wanna take off to  I know you don't know me but I can't leave here lonely Knowin' I didn't even try to make you mine and You might think I'm crazy Girl but who could blame me You're lookin' so fine, got me all tongue tied And the only line I can think to say is Hey girl  Ooh, baby you're still standin' here I guess you must like what you hear Hey girl, whatcha say girl About you and me gettin' away girl  I know you don't know me but I can't leave here lonely Knowin' I didn't even try to make you mine and You might think I'm crazy Girl but who could blame me You're lookin' so fine, got me all tongue tied And the only line I can think to say is Hey girl, oh yeah Oh, hey girl  You're lookin' so fine, got me all tongue tied And the only line I can think to say is Hey girl Oh yeah|Country
bradpaisley|Mud on the Tires|I've got some big news  The bank finally came through And I'm holdin' the keys to a brand new Chevrolet Have you been outside it sure is a nice night How about a little test drive Down by the lake   There's a place I know about where the dirt road runs out And we can try out the four-wheel drive Come on now what do you say Girl, I can hardly wait to get a little mud on the tires  <i>[Chorus]</i> 'Cause it's a good night To be out there soakin' up the moonlight Stake out a little piece of shoreline I've got the perfect place in mind It's in the middle of nowhere only one way to get there You got to get a little mud on the tires  Moonlight on a duck blind  Catfish on a trot line Sun sets about nine this time of year We can throw a blanket down Crickets singin' in the background And more stars than you can count on a night this clear  I tell you what we need to do is grab a sleepin' bag or two And build us a little campfire And then with a little luck we might just get stuck Let's get a little mud on the tires  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  And then with a little luck we might just get stuck Let's get a little mud on the tires|Country
bradpaisley|Celebrity|Someday I'm gonna be famous, do I have talent, well no These days you don't really need it thanks to reality shows Can't wait to date a supermodel, can't wait to sue my dad Can't wait to wreck a Ferrari on my way to rehab  <i>[1st Chorus]</i> 'Cause when you're a celebrity It's adios reality You can act just like a fool People think you're cool Just 'cause you're on TV I can throw a major fit When my latte isn't just how I like it When they say I've gone insane I'll blame it on the fame And the pressures that go with Being a celebrity  I'll get to cry to Barbara Walters when things don't go my way And I'll get community service no matter which law I break I'll make the supermarket tabloids, they'll write some awful stuff But the more they run my name down the more my price goes up  <i>[2nd Chorus]</i> 'Cause when you're a celebrity It's adios reality No matter what you do  People think you're cool Just 'cause you're on TV I can fall in and out of love Have marriages that barely last a month When they go down the drain I'll blame it on the fame And say it's just so tough Being a celebrity  <i>[Bridge]</i> So let's hitch up the wagons and head out west To the land of the fun and the sun We'll be real world bachelor jackass millionaires Hey hey, Hollywood, here we come  <i>[3rd Chorus]</i> 'Cause when you're a celebrity It's adios reality No matter what you do People think you're cool Just 'cause you're on TV Being a celebrity Yeah celebrity|Country
bradpaisley|Ain't Nothin' Like|I like kickin' back on the sofa Flippin' through the channels just to see what's on I enjoy eatin' eggs over easy Soppin' up with a biscuit 'til the yellow's gone  <i>[Chorus]</i> Ain't nothin' like watchin' a bunch of young'ns Run screamin' through the sprinkler in their little bare feet And ain't nothin' like finding twenty dollars In the pocket of the britches that you wore last week  I get into getting out on my mower In the early mornin' hours 'fore the sun gets hot And I like goin' down to the Kroger When the carnival comes to the parkin' lot  <i>[2nd Chorus]</i> Ain't nothin' like throwing a hula popper Draggin' it across a spot a big 'un oughta be And ain't nothin' like having him for supper With some good hush puppies and some sweet iced tea  <i>[Bridge]</i> This old world holds all kinds of treasures And everyday it just keeps gettin' better  <i>[3rd Chorus]</i> Ain't nothin' like finding that woman That you know you're gonna love for the rest of your life And ain't nothin' like knowing the Lord's a comin' Back one day to make you want to do right  <i>[Repeat 1st chorus]</i> <i>[Repeat 2nd chorus]</i>|Country
bradpaisley|Little Moments|Well I'll never forget the first time that I heard That pretty mouth say that dirty word And I can't even remember now what she backed my truck into But she covered her mouth and her face got red  And she just looked so darn cute That I couldn't even act like I was mad Yeah I live for little moments like that  Well that's just like this last year on my birthday She lost all track of time and burnt the cake And every smoke detector in the house was goin' off And she was just about to cry until I took her in my arms And I tried not to let her see me laugh Yeah I live for little moments like that  I know she's not perfect but she tries so hard for me And I thank god that she isn't 'cause how boring would that be It's the little imperfections it's the sudden change in plans When she misreads the directions and we're lost but holdin' hands Yeah I live for little moments like that  When she's layin' on my shoulder on the sofa in the dark And about the time she falls asleep so does my right arm And I want so bad to move it 'cause it's tinglin' and it's numb But she looks so much like an angel that I don't wanna wake her up Yeah I live for little moments  When she steals my heart again and doesn't even know it Yeah I live for little moments like that|Country
bradpaisley|That's Love|There ain't a woman in the world that wants to hear the word yes When she asks if you think that she looks chubby in that dress And if she cooks all day you better eat it with a smile It doesn't matter if it tastes just like bad gravy on a Goodyear tire  Yeah, yeah, yeah all right so you bend the truth Yeah, yeah, yeah that's somethin' that you'll have to get use to  <i>[Chorus]</i> 'Cause that's love you'll see We all commit a little bit of perjury Ah but that's no crime if you ask me, that's love You're starin' at a burnt steak You bite the bullet and you clean your plate And then you go on and on about how great it was That's not a lie, that's love  Well it's the very same thing that she does for you When she doesn't bring up the fifteen pounds that you need to lose And every time she runs her fingers through your hair And she says she kinda likes the way there's not as much of it there  Yeah, yeah, yeah well all right so she bends the truth Yeah, yeah, yeah that's somethin' that you have to get use to  'Cause that's love you'll see We all commit a little bit of perjury Ah but that's no crime if you ask me, that's love  Your bummin out so she says "There's sumthin' kinda sexy bout a bald head Aww and hunny it'll make you look twice as tough." That's not a lie, that's love  Yeah, yeah, yeah well all right so you bend the truth Yeah, yeah, yeah that's somethin' that you'll both gonna do  'Cause that's love you'll see We all commit a little bit of perjury You say I like it when your momma comes to visit us That's not a lie, that's not a lie, that's love|Country
bradpaisley|Somebody Knows You Now|You used to say you wanted someone to know you inside out And as I look back on things well congratulations baby Somebody knows you now  All of this time you told me you wished that you could figure yourself out You say you're still a mystery but no not really not to me Yeah somebody knows you now  <i>[Chorus]</i> I got a hundred bucks that says right now your hair's up in a clip Your socks don't quite match and you're bitin' your lip I can finish your thoughts or pick the right restaurants Even order for you 'fore you sit down Yeah somebody knows you now  So no matter where you life's path leads Remember me somehow And feel a little warm inside knowin' that somewhere tonight Somebody knows you now  Well baby all your mystery Like you and me is history 'Cause somebody knows you now|Country
bradpaisley|Famous People|Well you're the first car in an hour or so I'm glad you stopped in it's sure been slow around here today Just like everyday Well I couldn't help but notice your California plates And I thought I recognized that name on your credit card  You're a movie star Well I can't wait to get back home and tell all my buddies That I met one of the most famous people in the country  <i>[Chorus]</i> Well I only go to movies when I'm down in Bowling Green The cable don't come out this far so I never watch TV I know you played in somethin' but I'm gonna need some help Wait weren't you in Cannonball Run, no oh well  Allow me to introduce myself My name ain't John this is somebody else's greasy shirt my name's Kurt This is the town that I grew up in Never seen L.A. the closest I've been to Hollywood is Dollywood But when you get back to Beverly Hills you can tell all your buddies That you met one of the most famous people in the country  <i>[Chorus]</i> 'Cause I caught the record small mouth out on Kentucky lake And I threw the winning touchdown pass the night that we won state And I'm still signin' autographs after all these years Oh yeah, guess I'm gonna need yours, sign um here  I've been thinking about doing some acting some day If I ever do make it out to L.A. can I give you a shout Maybe crash on your couch If you hear of any roles that are floating around That would put me and Ashley Judd makin' out in a steamy love scene Well I'd work pretty cheap If the phones are down just ask around you'll get a hold of me 'Cause I'm one of the most famous people in the country <i>[Tag]</i> You're talkin' to one of the most famous people in the country|Country
bradpaisley|Whiskey Lullaby|<i>[Brad Paisley:]</i> She put him out, like the burnin' end of a midnight cigarette She broke his heart, he spent his whole life tryin' to forget We watched him drink his pain away a little at a time But he never could get drunk enough to get her off his mind Until the night  <i>[Brad Paisley and Alison Krauss:]</i> He put that bottle to his head and pulled the trigger And finally drank away her memory Life is short, but this time it was bigger Than the strength he had to get up off his knees We found him with his face down in the pillow With a note that said, "I'll love her 'til I die" And when we buried him beneath the willow The angels sang a whiskey lullaby  La, la, la, la, la, la, la La, la, la, la, la, la, la  <i>[Alison Krauss:]</i> The rumors flew, but nobody knew how much she blamed herself For years and years she tried to hide the whiskey on her breath She finally drank her pain away a little at a time But she never could get drunk enough to get him off her mind Until the night  <i>[Brad Paisley and Alison Krauss:]</i> She put that bottle to her head and pulled the trigger And finally drank away his memory Life is short, but this time it was bigger Than the strength she had to get up off her knees We found her with her face down in the pillow Clinging to his picture for dear life We laid her next to him beneath the willow While the angels sang a whiskey lullaby  La, la, la, la, la, la, la La, la, la, la, la, la, la|Country
bradpaisley|The Best Thing That I Had Goin'|Finally got that promotion I worked hard to get One that came with a company car When they gave me the keys they said son you can bet Keep it up and you'll really go far  <i>[Chorus]</i> But what good is all that knowin' The best thing that I had goin' Is gone  My good friends come around to hang out now and then And they joke, man you've sure got it hard With this house on the hill and a white picket fence And the grass sure is green in the yard  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  Well I squandered my time trying to buy everything Gave her all that I thought she deserved Now I know all the things that she wanted were free And I should have been home holdin' her  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>|Country
bradpaisley|The Cigar Song|Well I'm a sucker for fine Cuban cigars The problem is I can't afford 'em But last year I went and got myself a whole box And just to be safe I insured 'em  <i>[Chorus]</i> I took out a policy against fire and theft And then I hurried home With a fifty-cent lighter I sat on my back steps And I smoked 'em one by one  Two weeks later I went to see that insurance man And I handed in my claim With a straight face I told him that through a series of small fires They'd all gone up in flames  <i>[2nd Chorus]</i> They reviewed my case and they had no choice But to pay me for what I'd done And I took that check and bought a whole new box And I smoked 'em one by one  Two weeks later this detective shows up Tells me that company's pressin' charges One speedy trial later they locked me up On twenty-four separate counts of arson  <i>[3rd Chorus]</i> And now I sit and I stare at a blank brick wall Lookin' back on what I've done To pass the time I've got some ten-cent cigars And I smoke 'em one by one Yeah, I smoke 'em one by one|Country
bradpaisley|Make a Mistake|You over think things You say what if we're not meant to be Well you know what so what Make a mistake with me  Nobody goes through this life and does Everything perfectly We're all gonna fail so you might as well Make a mistake with me  <i>[Bridge]</i> Sometimes baby when we take A chance that has this much at stake We look back and in hindsight What seemed wrong looks more like right  So I say worst case we'll be left with Lots of good memories This chance we have well it's worth that  So make a mistake with me  I'm tellin' you the right thing to do Is make a mistake Make a mistake Make a mistake with me|Country
bradpaisley|Is It Raining at Your House|Is it raining at your house like it's raining at mine Do you miss me like I miss you, is it cloudy all the time Do you tremble when the phone rings and you think I'm on the line Is it raining at your house like it's raining at mine  <i>[1st Chorus]</i> Does it thunder and lightnin' even when the sun shines Is it raining at your house like it's raining at mine  Is it raining at your place just like it is over here If it is then sweetheart like me I know you're scared I just called you to console you like any old friend would do Is it raining at your house and by the way I still love you  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  <i>[Tag]</i> Is it raining at your house like it's raining at mine|Country
bradpaisley|Farther Along|Tempted and tried we're oft made to wonder Why it should be thus all the day long While there are others living about us Never molested though in the wrong  <i>[Chorus]</i> Farther along we'll know all about it Farther along we'll understand why Cheer up my brother live in the sunshine We'll understand it all by and by  When death has come and taken our loved ones It leaves our home so lonely and drear And then do we wonder why others prosper Living so wicked year after year  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  When we see Jesus coming in glory When he comes down from his home in the sky Then we shall meet him in that bright mansion We'll understand it all by and by  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i> Yeah we'll understand it all by and by|Country
bradpaisley|Start a Band|I never was a straight-lace, straight A student teacher's pet or child prodigy I wasn't gonna get rich throwin' a football It take too long to get a law degree  So I sat down with momma and daddy tried to talk some sense into my big head But the best advice that I ever got was from my sister's rock star boyfriend  Just get you a guitar and learn how to play Cut up some jeans, come up with a name When you're living in a world that you dont understand Find a few good buddies, start a band Start a band, Start a band  And all those girls that were too cool to talk to, They'll be waiting in the line out back Might get your picture in the hometown paper Maybe buy your momma that Cadillac  Just get you a guitar and learn how to play Cut up some jeans, come up with a name When you're living in a world that you don't understand Find a few good buddies, start a band  Start a band, Scrape up some money, buy a van Learn free bird and ramblin' man Never buy another beer again  Just get you a guitar and learn how to play Grow out your hair, come up with a name With a little bit of luck you'll be packing the stands Find a few good buddies, start a band  No need to study, start a band Call up some buddies man, start a band|Country
bradpaisley|Come on In|1, 2 Got up this morning, headed down the road I saw this pilgrim with a heavy load Were my eyes lyin' at what I'd seen? Hello, stranger. Remember me?  Hang your coat on that nail kick your shoes off let 'em sail I set my suitcase down in the den Welcome stranger, come on in  Come on in, come on in It's so good to see you again It don't matter where you been welcome stranger, come on in  I'll make the coffee, I'll get the cream We'll open up a bottle of old Jim Beam We'll hoot and holler to your favorite song Welcome stranger, welcome home  I sure did miss you there's no doubt The days got longer after you checked out But the pain got stronger when it kicked in Welcome stranger, come on in  Come on in, come on in It's so good to see you again It don't matter where you been welcome stranger, come on in  It don't matter where you been welcome stranger, come on in welcome stranger, come on in|Country
bradpaisley|More Than Just This Song|Like a boat on a river this bus is floating down this old highway  Looking out the window I think about how I got here today  Anyone who's anywhere had some help getting there its true  And one of the reasons why I get to do the things I do   I met this angel  With callused hands  Who led this boy to his band  Under his wing I learned to fly  On these 6 strings through this life  You can hear them in my playing  Although he's gone  And I owe him so much more than just this song.   Like a leaf that had fallen I was drifting down the stream  Mr. Guitar came into my life and let me live this dream  His old gretch still speaking still speaking its teaching all of us a ton  He was my friend and my hero all wrapped up in one   I met this angel  With callused hands  Who lead this naive boy into his band  Under his wing I learned to fly  On his 6 strings into the night  I can still hear him playing although he's gone  And I owe him so much more than just this song.   Every face we see from we every stage we roll  With every note we play even though there gone  They live on  They live on|Country
bradpaisley|Let the Good Times Roll|Hey everybody, let's have fun You only live but once and when you're dead you're done You better let the good time roll, baby, oh, let's get it own mama And I don't care if you're old now Get yourself together and let the good time roll  Don't sit there mumbling, talkin' trash If you want to have a ball you got to go out, spend some cash L-l-let the good times roll, babe, oh baby, oh baby And I don't care if you're old now, get together and let the good time roll  Hey y'all tell everybody, Ray Charles' in town Got a dollar and a quarter and I'm just ringing the clock now Don't let nobody, play me cheap I got fifty cents more than I'm gonna keep  I'm gonna let the good times roll now, oh baby, oh baby And I don't care if you're old now, get together and let the good time roll  Hey no matter whether, rainy weather If you want to have a ball you got to get yourself together Oh, get yourself under control Ohh, yeah, oh|Country
bradpaisley|The World|To the teller down at the bank You're just another checking account To the plumber that came today You're just another house At the airport ticket counter You're just another fare At the beauty shop at the mall Well you're just another head of hair Well that's alright, that's ok If you don't feel important, honey All I've got to say is  <i>[Chorus]</i> To the world You may be just another girl But to me  Baby, you are the world  To the waiter at the restaurant You're just another tip To the guy at the ice cream shop You're just another dip When you can't get reservations 'Cause you don't have the clout Or you didn't get an invitation 'Cause somebody left you out That's alright, that's ok When you don't feel important honey All I've got to say is  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  You think you're one of millions but you're one in a million to me When you wonder if you matter, baby look into my eyes And tell me, can't you see you're everything to me  That's alright, that's ok When you don't feel important honey All I've gotta say is  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>|Country
bradpaisley|Alcohol|I can make anybody pretty I can make you believe any lie I can make you pick a fight  With somebody twice your size  I been known to cause a few break ups I been known to cause a few births I can make you new friends  Or get you fired from Work  <i>[1st Chorus]</i> And since the day I left Milwaukee  Lynchburg and Bordeaux France Been making the bars lots of big money And helping white people dance I got you in trouble in high school But college, now that was a ball You had some of the best times  You'll never remember with me Alcohol Alcohol  I got blamed at your wedding reception For your best man's embarrassing speech And also for those Naked pictures of you at the beach  I've influenced kings and world leaders I helped Hemmingway write like he did And I'll bet you a drink or two that I can make you Put that lampshade on your head  <i>[2nd Chorus]</i> 'Cause since the day I left Milwaukee  Lynchburg and Bordeaux France Been making a fool out of folks just like you And helping white people dance I'm medicine and I am poison  I can help you up or make you fall You had some of the best times  You'll never remember with me Alcohol Alcohol  <i>[Repeat 1st Chorus]</i>|Country
bradpaisley|Waitin' on a Woman|Sittin' on a bench at West Town Mall  He sat down in his overalls and asked me You waitin' on a woman I nodded yeah and said how 'bout you He said son since nineteen fifty-two I've been Waitin' on a woman  When I picked her up for our first date I told her I'd be there at eight And she came down the stairs at eight-thirty She said I'm sorry that I took so long Didn't like a thing that I tried on But let me tell you son she sure looked pretty Yeah she'll take her time but I don't mind Waitin' on a woman  He said the wedding took a year to plan You talk about an anxious man, I was nervous Waitin' on a woman And then he nudged my arm like old men do And said, I'll say this about the honeymoon, it was worth it Waitin' on a woman  And I don't guess we've been anywhere She hasn't made us late I swear Sometimes she does it just 'cause she can do it Boy it's just a fact of life It'll be the same with your young wife Might as well go on and get used to it She'll take her time 'cause you don't mind Waitin' on a woman  I've read somewhere statistics show The man's always the first to go And that makes sense 'cause I know she won't be ready So when it finally comes my time And I get to the other side I'll find myself a bench, if they've got any I hope she takes her time, 'cause I don't mind Waitin' on a woman  Honey, take your time, cause I don't mind Waitin' on a woman|Country
bradpaisley|I'll Take You Back|When a freight train jumps off a track And rolls down my road And it's summer time in Texas And they're playing in the snow When politicians everywhere stop telling lies And only state the facts Right then, that's when I'll take you back  Let's say I get bucked off a bull and fall and hit my head And then I get amnesia and forget the things you said I lose my better judgment and I take up smoking crack Right then, that's when I'll take you back  <i>[Chorus]</i> Go on keep trying Come on keep calling You know I like it When you come crawling It's like music To hear you bawling Waa, waa, waa, waa, waa  When Donald Trump takes a part time job parking cars When Clint Eastwood does ballet in a big pink leotard And a donkey wins the Derby as he takes his victory lap Right then, that's when I'll take you back  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  The day that old morning sun rises in the west And they pass a law in L.A. banning artificial breasts When cars can run on water, gasoline and oil ain't worth jack Right then, that's when I'll take you back  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  It's like music To hear you bawling Waa, waa, waa, waa, waa|Country
bradpaisley|She's Everything|She's a yellow pair of running shoes A holey pair of jeans She looks great in cheap sunglasses She looks great in anything She's I want a piece of chocolate Take me to a movie She's I can't find a thing to wear Now and then she's moody  She's a Saturn with a sunroof With her brown hair a-blowing She's a soft place to land And a good feeling knowing She's a warm conversation That I wouldn't miss for nothing She's a fighter when she's mad And she's a lover when she's loving  <i>[Chorus]</i> And she's everything I ever wanted And everything I need I talk about her, I go on and on and on 'Cause she's everything to me  She's a Saturday out on the town And a church girl on Sunday She's a cross around her neck And a cuss word 'cause its Monday She's a bubble bath and candles Baby come and kiss me She's a one glass of wine And she's feeling kinda tipsy  She's the giver I wish I could be And the stealer of the covers She's a picture in my wallet and my unborn children's mother She's the hand that I'm holding When I'm on my knees and praying She's the answer to my prayer And she's the song that I'm playing  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  She's the voice I love to hear Someday when I'm ninety She's that wooden rocking chair I want rocking right beside me Everyday that passes I only love her more Yeah, she's the one That I'd lay down my own life for  And she's everything I ever wanted And everything I need She's everything to me Yeah she's everything to me  Everything I ever wanted And everything I need She's everything to me|Country
bradpaisley|You Need a Man Around Here|You've sure got a real nice place So don't take this the wrong way But I can tell by your decorating taste You've been alone too long You've got more candles than a midnight mass That fancy mirror adds a touch of class But do you know how good a mounted bass Would look there on that wall  <i>[Chorus]</i> You need a man around here You can't do it all by yourself To me it's painfully clear That you could use a little help Someone to kill the spiders Change the channel and drink the beer Seems to me that you sure need A man around here  Thumbing through your stack of magazines I don't see a Maxim or Field and Stream I haven't been in a room this clean Since they took my appendix out Well you've gotta be kidding me Don't tell me that thing is your TV My laptop's got a bigger screen Baby, there ain't no doubt  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  Someone to kill the spiders And by the way, you're out of beer Seems to me that you sure need  A man around here Yeah, it seems to me that you sure need  A man around here|Country
bradpaisley|Rainin' You|When I looked out today And saw that the sky was gray I thought about the way You loved days like this  And driving in to town It really started coming down Bringing me back around To all that I miss  It feels like it's rainin' you It feels like it's rainin' you  I didn't even run inside Or worry about staying dry Besides there nowhere I can hide These feeling now  Running down my face Takes me to another place I can't think of a better way to drown  It feels like it's rainin' you I can't explain it But I am baptized anew It feels like it's rainin' you  If I had my way It would do this every day I would never see the sun Because the closest I get To holding you again Is every time that sky opens up  It feels like it's rainin' you I can't explain it But I am baptized anew It feels like it's rainin' you It feels like it's rainin' you|Country
bradpaisley|Flowers|Long stem things of beauty  Created by the good Lord Cut down in the prime of their lives Boxed up, wrapped in paper Delivered to your front door Just to wind up in your garbage can outside  <i>[Chorus]</i> Tell me how many flowers have to die Before you give this love another try I've asked you to forgive me at least 9 dozen times Tell me how many flowers have to die  I'm crazy and I'm desperate I had you and I blew it And right now I've got nothing left to lose I've got a Visa in my wallet And I'm not afraid to use it How long the needless violence lasts Is really up to you  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  Stop the senseless killing  Can't you hear the roses cry Baby, how many flowers have to die Tell me how many flowers have to die|Country
bradpaisley|Love Is Never-Ending|Seasons come and seasons go One day sun, the next day snow Flowers die and flowers grow But love is never-ending  You can't kill it with goodbye It always finds a place to hide Inside your heart for your whole life Love is never-ending  <i>[Chorus]</i> When the lights have all gone down It'll still be hangin' 'round Even when you think it's lost, it can still be found When every memory has been made And the pages start to fade And every prayer you ever prayed is heaven bound When you think the ride is over You're back at the beginning Love is never-ending  When a man and woman start growin' old The fire of passion may grow cold But what they got still warms their soul Love is never-ending  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  It keeps goin' on and on Long after we're all gone away  Time may change what you believe But one day the truth will set you free Just have faith and you will see Love is never-ending Love is never-ending|Country
bradpaisley|The Uncloudy Day|O they tell me of a home far beyond the sky O they tell me of a land far away O they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise O they tell me of an uncloudy day  O the land of the cloudless day O the land of the uncloudy day O they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise O they tell me of an uncloudy day|Country
bradpaisley|When I Get Where I'm Going|When I get where I'm going On the far side of the sky The first thing that I'm gonna do Is spread my wings and fly  I'm gonna land beside a lion And run my fingers through his mane Or I might find out what it's like To ride a drop of rain  <i>[Chorus]</i> Yeah when I get where I'm going There'll be only happy tears I will shed the sins and struggles I have carried all these years And I'll leave my heart wide open I will love and have no fear Yeah when I get where I'm going Don't cry for me down here  I'm gonna walk with my grand daddy And he'll match me step for step And I'll tell him how I missed him Every minute since he left Then I'll hug his neck  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  So much pain and so much darkness In this world we stumble through All these questions I can't answer So much work to do  But when I get where I'm going And I see my maker's face I'll stand forever in the light  Of his amazing grace Yeah when I get where I'm going There'll be only happy tears Hallelujah I will love and have no fear When I get where I'm going Yeah when I get where I'm going|Country
bradpaisley|Easy Money|I remember working on a rooftop In the hot summer sun all day Now I work two hours a night It feels a lot more like play  'Fore Kenny joined the band He used to hang dry wall Ben worked down at Valentino's So when you see us up here and think Man they're lucky You don't have to tell us 'cause we know  <i>[Chorus]</i> Yeah, we're laughing all the way to the bank 'Cause it all just seems so funny A bunch of guys like us In a big tour bus Making that easy money  Desperado hauled cattle Grady drove trucks Justin had a hot dog stand Kevin sold records And Brent sold shoes And Gary was a garbage man  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  I used to have an ex-girlfriend That didn't understand She said boy you're going nowhere fast You oughta get a real job Why don't you quit that band Now she can kiss my backstage pass  <i>[Repeat chorus 2x]</i>|Country
bradpaisley|Time Well Wasted|I could've been workin' overtime Or at home tryin' to make that truck run right Instead of wadin' out in that stream  All day long barely catchin' a thing Just me and dad I'm glad he talked me in to that  <i>[1st Chorus]</i> It was time well wasted And there's no way I trade a few more dollars in my pocket I could've spent For a day I'll never forget No, I didn't get a thing done But I sure soaked up every minute of the memory we were makin' And I count it all as time well wasted  Those leaves were a foot deep in the yard And 'wash me' was written all over the car But watchin' movies all day with you Wasn't on my list of things to do But we laid on that couch Girl, we never left the house  <i>[2nd Chorus]</i> It was time well wasted And there's no way I trade a few more things that I could've crossed off my list For a day I'll never forget No, I didn't get a thing done But I sure soaked up every minute of the memory we were makin' And I count it all as time well wasted  <i>[Bridge]</i> This world spins too fast if you let it There's always one more thing to do But lookin' back I never have regretted Takin' off early or callin' in sick Or lovin' away a Sunday afternoon  <i>[3rd Chorus]</i> It was time well wasted And there's no way I trade a few more dollars or things crossed off my list For a day I'll never forget No I didn't get a thing done But I sure soaked up every minute of the memory we were makin' And I count it all as time well wasted  <i>[Tag]</i> I count it all as time well wasted|Country
bradpaisley|Two Feet of Topsoil|Yesterday I thought that I was low as I could get I had hit rock bottom ever since you up and left But this morning when I saw you with Somebody else, well needless to say  That's when I started sinking even lower And as far as where I am at today  There's two feet of topsoil A little bit of bedrock, limestone in between A fossilized dinosaur A little patch of crude oil A thousand feet of granite underneath Then there's me  I was kinda hopin' I could dig my way back out A couple dozen roses maybe get you back somehow But the love in your eyes as you talked to him Today was plain to see So I ain't gonna get involved, but Should you change your mind  Well you know right where I'll be  There's two feet of topsoil A little bit of bedrock, limestone in between A fossilized dinosaur A little patch of crude oil A thousand feet of granite underneath Then there's me|Country
bradpaisley|I'm Gonna Miss Her|Well I love her But I love to fish I spend all day out on this lake And hell is all I catch Today she met me at the door Said I would have to choose If I hit that fishin' hole today She'd be packin' all her things And she'd be gone by noon  Well, I'm gonna miss her! When I get home But right now I'm on this lake shore And I'm sittin' in the sun I'm sure it'll hit me When I walk through that door tonight Yeah, I'm gonna miss her Oh, lookie there, I've got a bite  Now there's a chance that if I hurry I could beg her to stay But that water's right And the weather's perfect No tellin' what I might catch today  So I'm gonna miss her When I get home But right now I'm on this lake shore And I'm sittin' in the sun I'm sure it'll hit me When I walk through that door tonight Yeah, I'm gonna miss her Oh, lookie there, another bite  Yeah, I'm gonna miss her Oh, lookie there, I've Got A Bite|Country
bradpaisley|Part Two|Hollywood never fails to make a sequel For each and every movie that does well Why can't love be more like that Where the best ones get a second chance And that way though you're gone It wouldn't be that long ('til)  I'd see you in part two And we'd pick up where we left off  When I lost you And we'd fall in love again And change the way the story ends Yeah, we'd bring back me and you In part two  Lookin' back we had so much to look forward to  The kind of love that deserves to be continued  And if this were only Tinseltown By now they would have figured out  A way for you and I  To give it one more try (and)  I'd see you in part two And we'd pick up where we left off  When I lost you And we'd fall in love again And change the way the story ends Yeah, we'd bring back me and you In part two  Yeah, we'd fall in love again And change the way the story ends Yeah, we'd bring back me and you In part two|Country
bradpaisley|Wrapped Around|Every day I clock out And head straight to her house We cuddle up on the couch But it always ends the same ole way I'm drivin' home and it's incredibly late Something's got to change, 'cause  I've been wrapped around her finger Since the first time we went out Every day and every night she's all I think about  I need that girl beside me When the lights go out I think it's time to put a ring on the finger I'm wrapped around  Went to the bank took out a loan Went and bought the perfect stone Called up her dad on the phone I'm takin' him to dinner Sunday night I've never been so nervous in my life I want to do this right, 'cause  I've been wrapped around her finger Since the first time we went out Every day and every night she's all I think about  I need that girl beside me When the lights go out I think it's time to put a ring on the finger I'm wrapped around  Yes sir I love her very much I know it's only been seven months But that's long enough  I've been wrapped around her finger Since the first time we went out Every day and every night she's all I think about  I need that girl beside me When the lights go out I think it's time to put a ring on the finger I'm wrapped around  I think it's time to put a ring on the finger I'm wrapped around|Country
bradpaisley|Two People Fell in Love|A baby's born in the middle of the night in a local delivery room They grab his feet, smack him till he cries he goes home the next afternoon 'Fore you know it he's off to school and then he graduates in May Goes out and gets a Ph.D. and then cures all sorts of things Wins a Nobel Prize and saves a million different lives The world's a better place for all he's done It's funny when you think about the reason he's alive It's all because two people fell in love  Right now at a picnic shelter down by Caney Creek You'll find potato salad hot dogs and baked beans The whole Wilson family's lined up fillin' their paper plates They've drove or flown in here from fifteen different states Well Stanley Wilson says that sixty years ago he knew That Miss Emma Tucker was the one Now five generations get together every June All because two people fell in love  <i>[1st Chorus]</i> There ain't nothin' not affected When two hearts get connected All that is, will be, or ever was Every single choice we make Every breath we get to take Is all because two people fell in love  Well, I recall a young man who was driftin' aimlessly And a young waitress who seemed lonesome as could be But in a little cafð³ right off of fourteenth avenue With a whole lotta help from up above We met and things sure turned around for me and you And all because two people fell in love  <i>[2nd Chorus]</i> Baby, there ain't nothin' not affected When two hearts get connected All that is, will be, or ever was I'm glad your dad could not resist Your mama's charms and you exist All because two people fell in love  <i>[Tag]</i> You know, to me it's all so clear Every one of us is here All because two people fell in love  A baby's born in the middle of the night in a local delivery room They grab his feet, smack him till he cries he goes home the next afternoon|Country
bradpaisley|Come on Over Tonight|You know I'm stubborn, set in my ways, said I'd never Fall in love, used all the old cliches But just now when you called and my heart rate hit the roof I realized it's time to eat my words and face the truth  So come on over tonight we'll sit on the swing Watch the pigs fly by flappin' their brand new wings Just sit back and relax and watch me eat my hat While the oak trees sprout dollar bills And I look you in the eye To finally say the words I swore I'd never say In my whole life So come on over tonight  I called my buddies, they're comin' too After the way I ran my mouth they can't  Believe it's true They're bringin' pizza and sweet tea And I hope that you don't mind But they said they've gotta see this And they promise to be quiet  So come on over tonight we'll sit on the swing  Watch the pigs fly by flappin' their brand new wings Just sit back and relax and watch me eat my hat While a big ol' bolt of lightning Strikes me not just once, but twice As I say the words I swore I'd never say In my whole life Yeah, come on over tonight  Me fallin' in love, that's one of those things That I swore would never come true But I'm startin' to think that nothin' is impossible now That I found you, nothin'  Yeah, come on over tonight we'll sit on the swing Watch the pigs fly by flappin' their brand new wings Just sit back and relax and watch me eat my hat See the premiere performance of demons on ice As I say the words I swore I'd never say In my whole life  Say, come on over Hey, come on over Said, come on over tonight|Country
bradpaisley|You'll Never Leave Harlan Alive|In the deep dark hills of eastern Kentucky That's the place where I trace my bloodline And it's there I read on a hillside gravestone You will never leave Harlan alive  Oh, my granddad's dad walked down  Katahrins Mountain And he asked Tillie Helton to be his bride Said, won't you walk with me out of the mouth Of this holler Or we'll never leave Harlan alive  Where the sun comes up about ten in the morning And the sun goes down about three in the day And you fill your cup with whatever bitter brew you're drinking And you spend your life just thinkin' of how to get away  No one ever knew there was coal in them mountains 'Til a man from the Northeast arrived Waving hundred dollar bills he said I'll pay ya for your minerals But he never left Harlan alive  Granny sold out cheap and they moved out west  Of Pineville To a farm where big Richland River winds I bet they danced them a jig, laughed and sang a new song Who said we'd never leave Harlan alive  But the times got hard and tobacco wasn't selling  And ole granddad knew what he'd do to survive He went and dug for Harlan coal And sent the money back to granny But he never left Harlan alive  Where the sun comes up about ten in the morning And the sun goes down about three in the day And you fill your cup with whatever bitter brew you're drinking And you spend your life just thinkin' of how to get away  Where the sun comes up about ten in the morning And the sun goes down about three in the day And you fill your cup with whatever bitter brew you're drinking And you spend your life digging coal from the bottom of your grave  In the deep dark hills of eastern Kentucky That's the place where I trace my bloodline And it's there I read on a hillside gravestone You will never leave Harlan alive|Country
bradpaisley|I Wish You'd Stay|I talked to my sister in Memphis And I told her you were movin' to town Here's her number She said she'd be glad to show you around I left a map on your front seat Just in case you lose your way But don't worry, once you reach Sallisaw It's all interstate  I know you need to go But before you do I want you to know, that I  Wish you the best And I wish you nothing less Than every thing you've ever dreamed of  And I hope that you find love along the way But most of all I wish you'd stay  I figure right about sundown You'll be in West Tennessee And by then Maybe I'll understand why you had to leave  I know that you've done some changin'  And I know there's no changin' your mind And yes I know We've been through this a thousand times  I'm sorry for still holdin' on I'll try to let go and I'll try to be strong, and I'll   Wish you the best And I wish you nothing less Than every thing you've ever dreamed of  And I hope that you find love along the way But most of all I wish you'd stay  Yeah, everything you've ever dreamed of  And I hope that you'll find love along the way But most of all I wish you'd stay I wish you'd stay|Country
bradpaisley|All You Really Need Is Love|So you say you wanna tie the knot And you're askin' me if I think that the two of you have got  What it takes to make it work Well one thing's for sure All you really need is love  Let me say I'm happy for you both And here's a little something that the two of you should know If you want to do it right Just take my advice All you really need is love  And a license and a blood test and a bunch of invitations A minister, a white dress, and of course a congregation And flowers and music and candles and cake And a bunch of rice for folks to throw as you drive away  Now what's that expression on your face You're lookin' kind of pale, is everything OK Don't worry you'll be fine If you just keep in mind All you really need is love  And bridesmaids and groomsmen and a wedding coordinator And food for the reception, you'll need someone to cater Did I forget to mention it'll take a couple rings And of course a P.A. system if you're wantin' me to sing  Now you look so happy you could cry And that explains the tear drops I see wellin' in your eyes Don't worry you'll be fine If you just keep in mind All you really need is love  I'm sure I'm tellin' you something you already knew All you really need is love|Country
bradpaisley|You Have That Effect on Me|Every morning the last couple of weeks In between shaving and brushing my teeth I'd lean on the sink and practice my lines By now you would think they'd be memorized  But leave it to me to come all this way Get down on one knee and forget what to say I'm at a loss, should have known this is how it would be 'Cause you have that effect on me  I must admit I still don't understand Why I lose my head holding your hand There's no explanation, no simple excuse For this intoxication I feel around you  And now truth be known since I've met you girl I've been walkin' around in my own little world One look in my eyes and darlin' any fool could see That you have that effect on me  You've had your eyes on a two carat ring I finally went out and I bought it Right now it's at home sittin' on my TV Would you believe I forgot it  But you can't blame me 'cause it's plain to see That you have that effect on me Yeah, you have that effect on me Girl, you have that effect on me|Country
bradpaisley|Too Country|Too country what's that Is it like too Republican or too Democrat Is it too far to the left  Too far to the right Too straight down the middle Is it too black or too white  Are the biscuits too fluffy is the chicken too fried Is the gravy too thick are the peas too black-eyed Is the iced tea too sweet does it have too much tang Are there too many lemons in mama's lemon meringue  Too country what's that It is too many pearls of wisdom under grandpa's old hat Is it just too old fashioned is it just too antique Is the question too strong or the answer too weak  Are the roses too red is the sunshine too bright Are there too many stars in the heavens at night Are there too many fish that still jump in the stream Is the blue sky too blue is the clean air too clean  Is the grace too amazing is the steeple too tall Are there too many "yes sir's", "yes ma'am's" And "how're y'all's" Is the message too real too close to the bone Do the fiddle and steel remind you too much of home Is honest and true just not in demand Too country Too country Too country I don't understand|Country
bradpaisley|The Old Rugged Cross|On a hill far away, stood an old rugged Cross The emblem of suff'ring and shame And I love that old Cross where the dearest and best For a world of lost sinners was slain  So I'll cherish the old rugged Cross Till my trophies at last I lay down I will cling to the old rugged Cross And exchange it some day for a crown  Oh, that old rugged Cross so despised by the world Has a wondrous attraction for me For the dear Lamb of God, left his Glory above To bear it to dark Calvary  So I'll cherish the old rugged Cross Till my trophies at last I lay down I will cling to the old rugged Cross And exchange it some day for a crown  In the old rugged Cross, stain'd with blood so divine A wondrous beauty I see For the dear Lamb of God, left his Glory above To pardon and sanctify me  So I'll cherish the old rugged Cross Till my trophies at last I lay down I will cling to the old rugged Cross And exchange it some day for a crown  To the old rugged Cross, I will ever be true Its shame and reproach gladly bear Then He'll call me some day to my home far away Where his glory forever I'll share  So I'll cherish the old rugged Cross Till my trophies at last I lay down I will cling to the old rugged Cross And exchange it some day for a crown|Country
bradpaisley|All I Wanted Was a Car|My buddy Blake was all-state with dreams of the NFL Jenny McClain had big brains She got a scholarship to Yale And there was Hershel who did two commercials And he was going to be a movie star But all I wanted was a car All I wanted was a car  Had a part time job making chicken kebabs at the food court at the mall I hauled my uncle's trash I cut my neighbor's grass And I raked the leaves in the fall My parents they were stunned how this former lazy bum was suddenly working so hard  But all I wanted was a car All I wanted was a car  Yeah when I was sixteen all of my dreams revolved around one thing  All I wanted was a car All I wanted was a car  When I finally got that big hunk of steel Those four wheels underneath I went everywhere in it Broke the speed limit And I even broke in the backseat  Now when I look outside sitting in the drive It blows my mind to see an SUV and a sedan And two kids playing and I can't believe they all belong to me  When I caught my mama's eye in that thing I used to drive I never dreamed it would take me this far  All I wanted was a car Sixteen all of my dreams revolved around one thing All I wanted was a car All I wanted was a car All I wanted was a car|Country
bradpaisley|Ticks|Every time you take a sip In this smoky atmosphere You press that bottle to your lips And I wish I was your beer In the small there of your back Your jeans are playing peekaboo I'd like to see the other half of your butterfly tattoo.  Hey that gives me an idea Let's get out of this bar Drive out into the country And find a place to park.  'Cause I'd like to see you out in the moonlight I'd like to kiss you way back in the sticks I'd like to walk you through a field of wildflowers And I'd like to check you for ticks.  I know the perfect little path Out in these woods I used to hunt Don't worry babe I've got your back And I've also got your front I'd hate to waste a night like this  I'll keep you safe you wait and see The only thing allowed to crawl all over you when we get there is me.  You know every guy in here tonight Would like to take you home But I've got way more class than them Babe that ain't what I want.  'Cause I'd like to see you out in the moonlight I'd like to kiss you way back in the sticks I'd like to walk you through a field of wildflowers And I'd like to check you for ticks.  You never know where one might be There's lots of places that are hard to reach I gotcha.  I'd like to see you out in the moonlight I'd like to kiss you baby way back in the sticks I'd like to walk you through a field of wildflowers And I'd like to check you for ticks.  I'd sure like to check you for ticks...|Country
bradpaisley|Online|I work down at the pizza pit And I drive an old Hyundai I still live with my mom and dad I'm 5'3 and overweight  I'm a Sci-Fi fanatic Mild asthmatic Never been to 2nd base But there's a whole another me That you need to see Go check out MySpace  'Cause online I'm out in Hollywood I'm 6'5 and I look damn good I drive a Maserati I'm a black belt in Karate And I love a good glass of wine  It turns girls on that I'm mysterious I tell 'em I don't want nothing serious 'Cause even on a slow day I can have a three way Chat with two women at one time  I'm so much cooler online So much cooler online  I get home, I kiss my mom And she fixes me a snack I head down to my basement bedroom And fire up my Mac  In real life the only time I Ever even been to L.A. Was when I got the chance with the marching band To play tuba in the Rose Parade.  Online I live in Malibu I posed for Calvin Klein, I've been in GQ I'm single and I'm rich And I got a set of six pack abs that'll blow your mind  It turns girls on that I'm mysterious I tell 'em I don't want nothing serious 'Cause even on a slow day I can have a three way Chat with two women at one time  I'm so much cooler online Yeah I'm cooler online  When you got my kinda stats, it's hard to get a date Let alone a real girlfriend But I grow another foot And I lose a bunch of weight every time I log in  Online I'm out in Hollywood I'm 6'5 and I look damn good Even on a slow day, I can have a three way Chat with two women at one time  I'm so much cooler online Yeah I'm cooler online I'm so much cooler online Yeah I'm cooler online|Country
bradpaisley|Letter to Me|If I could write a letter to me And send it back in time to myself at 17 First I'd prove it's me by saying, "Look under your bed: There's a Skoal can and a Playboy no one else would know you hid."  And then I'd say, "I know it's tough When you break up after seven months. And yeah I know you really liked her and it just don't seem fair, But all I can say is pain like that is fast and it's rare."  And oh you've got so much going for you going right But I know at 17 it's hard to see past Friday night She wasn't right for you And still you feel like there's a knife Sticking out of your back And you're wondering if you'll survive But you'll make it through this and you'll see You're still around to write this letter to me  "At the stop sign at Tomlinson and Eighth Always stop completely, don't just tap your brakes. And when you get a date with Bridgett make sure the tank is full. On second thought forget it. That one turns out kinda cool.  Each and every time you have a fight Just assume you're wrong and dad is right. And you should really thank Mrs. Brinkman: She spends so much extra time. It's like she sees the diamond underneath, And she's polishing you 'til you shine."  And oh you've got so much going for you going right But I know at 17 it's hard to see past Friday night Tonight's the bonfire rally But you're staying home instead Because if you fail Algebra Mom and dad'll kill you dead But trust me you'll squeak by and get a C And you're still around to write this letter to me  "You've got so much up ahead You'll make new friends You should see your kids and wife And I'd end by saying have no fear These are nowhere near the best years of your life  I guess I'll see you in the mirror When you're a grown man P.S. Go hug Aunt Rita every chance you can."  And oh you've got so much going for you going right But I know at 17 it's hard to see past Friday night I wish you'd study Spanish I wish you'd take a typing class I wish you wouldn't worry, let it be I'd say have a little faith and you'll see  If I could write a letter to me To me|Country
bradpaisley|I'm Still a Guy|When you see a deer you see Bambi And I see antlers up on the wall When you see a lake you think picnic And I see a large mouth up under that log You're probably thinking that you're going to change me In some ways well maybe you might Scrub me down, dress me up but no matter what I'm still a guy  When you see a priceless French painting I see a drunk, naked girl You think that riding a wild bull sounds crazy And I'd like to give it a whirl Well love makes a man do some things he ain't proud of And in a weak moment I might walk your sissy dog, hold your purse at the mall But remember, I'm still a guy  I'll pour out my heart Hold your hand in the car Write a love song that makes you cry Then turn right around knock some jerk to the ground 'Cause he copped a feel as you walked by  I can hear you now talking to your friends Saying, "Yeah girls he's come a long way" From dragging his knuckles and carrying a club  And building a fire in a cave But when you say a backrub means only a backrub Then you swat my hand when I try Well, what can I say at the end of the day Honey, I'm still a guy  I'll pour out my heart Hold your hand in the car Write a love song that makes you cry Then turn right around knock some jerk to the ground 'Cause he copped a feel as you walked by  These days there's dudes getting facials Manicured, waxed and botoxed With deep spray-on tans and creamy lotiony hands You can't grip a tacklebox  With all of these men lining up to get neutered It's hip now to be feminized I don't highlight my hair I've still got a pair Yeah honey, I'm still a guy  Oh my eyebrows ain't plucked There's a gun in my truck Oh thank God, I'm still a guy|Country
bradpaisley|Some Mistakes|You may think I'm wrong for you  And you're wrong for me To look at us on paper  I would have to agree It could have been the moon light Or it could have been the wine  But the way that we were acting  Hell it could have been the moon shine   And oh we're do we go from here I don't know  But baby one thing's clear Some mistakes are too much fun To only make once  There's this little straight stretch  Just south of here It's great for mashing down the gas  And trying out fifth gear But it's also a speed trap Twice I've gotten caught But something bout it calls to me  And I can't seem to stop  And oh you have the same effect I know I'll just keep coming back Some mistakes are too much fun To only make once  Well there are things in life that I regret  And even more that haven't happened yet But it would be a shame if our little fling Always stayed a onetime thing Someday if we're lucky We'll get old enough to finally be embarrassed  By the crazy things we've done Be just like our parents  Responsible and bland No risk, no excitement  Hey lets get it while we can  Cause  Some Mistakes are too much fun To only make once Love like this is too much fun  To only make once|Country
bradpaisley|It Did|A single red rose and a table for two A nice chardonay and an ocean view Ships comin in and stars comin out We sat and we talked till the place closed down Then we took a long walk down on the beach Her in that white dress and her bare feet We stopped and we watched the lighthouse light And pulled her close and i held on tight And i said to myself It doesnt get better than this No it doesnt get better than this  And it did It did Whoa it did  Fastforeward to that next spring We were lookin for a preacher Pickin out rings Family comin in and friends comin out To that white church on the outskirts of town Me in that tux fightin butterflies Tears of joy in the mommas eyes Her daddy walkin her down the aisle He lifted that veil and i saw that smile And i said To myself It doesnt get better than this  No it doesnt get better than this  But it did It did Oh it did  Just when i start thinkin its as good as it can get This crazy life does somethin just to let me know I haven't seen anything yet  Nine months later nearly to the day There we were flyin down the interstate Car weavin in and car weavin out Through traffic runnin every red light in town Delivery room and the doctor comes in I'm right beside and shes squeezin my hand One more push and a baby cries Sweet little angel with his momma's eyes And i said To myself It doesnt get better than this No it doesnt get better than this  But it did It did Oh it did Yes it did|Country
bradpaisley|Mr. Policeman|Well hey, hey Mr. Policeman Bet I can drive faster'n you can C'mon hoss lets have some fun Go on shoot me with a radar gun You look bored and I sure am Catch me if you can Hey hey Mr. policeman I got a 75 firebird trans am With a 455 up under the hood Me and my brother got it running good Wake up behind them ol' RayBans Catch me if you can Go on turn on your blue lights (so pretty!) You know you want to I just flew by I can see you peelin' out Hows my dust taste in your mouth? C'mon smokey its time to race Lets have us a high speed chase Well hey hey Mr. policeman Chopper in the air and a couple of swat vans That's not fair they're blocking the road Now where am I supposed to go? Time to use my backup plan  Catch me if you can Hey hey Mr. policeman Bet I can run faster'n you can With your big pot belly And your cowboy boots, 100 bucks says you won't shoot I know these woods like the back of my hand Come on catch me if you can Go on turn on your spotlight (so shiny!!) I got running shoes and I'm younger than you And I got all night Theres no way you're keeping up with me Just go on back to the Krispy Kreme If you wanna quit I understand Catch me if you can Hey hey Mr. policeman I said hey hey Mr. policeman  I'm in the jail house now I'm in the jail house now They told me once or twice Son, please respect my authority I'm in the jail house now|Country
bradpaisley|If Love Was a Plane|She's 98 lbs. working down at the Dairy Queen With an Ogilvie home perm and braces. And he's long haired no job and just 19 They've got a baby on the way and They're off to the races  In love look at em go Now what in the world Could go world could go wrong? Don't tell them the odds Its best they don't know. If love was a plane, nobody's get on.  At the Ivy at lunchtime in Beverly Hills The paparazzi are gathered outside Cause' an actor and an actress are having lunch And according to Extra and Entertainment Tonight  They're in love, Look at em go Now what in the world could go wrong?  Don't tell them the odds, Its best they don't know, If love was a plane nobody's get on  Imagine now the pilots voice on the intercom Right before we leave the ground Saying folks thanks for flying with us But there's a six in ten chance we're going down But that's the strangest thing about this emotion, Even knowing our chances are small, We line up at the gate with our tickets Thinking, somehow were different  I mean after all We're in love look at us go! Now what in the world could go wrong? To hell with the odds we'd rather not know If love was a plane, nobody's get on Ya, if love was a plane nobody's get on|Country
bradpaisley|Oh Love|<i>[Brad Paisley]</i> Strong like a mother holds her child Free as horses running wild And real as a prayer on a lonely night And sure as the ocean tide  <i>[Both]</i> Oh love Oh love Oh the many colors that you're made of  You heal  You bleed You're the simple truth  And you're the biggest mystery Oh love Oh Love  <i>[Carrie Underwood]</i> Deep as the life from Gods own breath And it's even after death Gone like the sunset  <i>[Brad Paisley]</i> You can break a heart in pieces  Put it back together again  <i>[Carrie Underwood]</i> You can break down sweet forgiveness You're the one that never ends  <i>[Both]</i> Oh Love Ooooohhhh Ooooohhhh Oh love  Oh love  Oh the many colors that you're made of  You heal  You bleed  You're the simple truth  And you're the biggest mystery Oh love Oh love Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah|Country
bradpaisley|Better Than This|That sleepy little campfire poppin kinda crackling We were Heating up the pork and beans Bubu said man it don't get any better than this If you know what I mean We sat there for a minute listening to the crickets Thinkin this is pretty hard to beat Til Jr stood up spit in the fire Said boys I hate to disagree  But if a bus load of women, really good looking women, Just suddenly pulled in here Old Joe t Garcia showed up with fajitas and a 100 gallon keg of beer and Haggard dropped by And brought Willie with him And they started taking requests Well don't get me wrong boys this is pretty good But it could get better than this  Bill Dance and Hank Parker floated by in a boat And volunteered to be our fishing guides And Richard petty pulled up in the old '43 car And asked us if we wanted a ride We'd all sit around singin poncho and l  Lefty playing poker and smoking big cigars Now don't take offense y'all I'm perfectly content Just sittin here under the stars  But if a bus load of women, really good lookin women, Just suddenly pulled in here And Old emril degasi showed up with kilbasi And a 100 gallon keg of beer If Haggard dropped by and brought willie with him And they started taking requests Don't get me wrong boys this is pretty good But it could get better than this  But if a bus load of women, really good lookin women, Just suddenly pulled in here And little Jimmy Dickets showed up with fried chicken And a 100 gallon keg of beer Mearl Haggard dropped by and brought willie with him And they started taking requests Don't get me wrong boys this is pretty good But it could get better that this|Country
bradpaisley|With You, Without You|You really left your mark On this old house And this old heart I see you everywhere And when I close my eyes You're still there And I know You want me to move on Start living a new life Start writing a new song Don't worry, I ain't going to ask you To come back and love me Baby you don't have to Cause I can be in love with you, without you  It's not that hard at all It's like you're out of town Just forgot to call Just because you walked away Doesn't mean my feelings have to change Now I know  You want me to move on Stop living an old life Stop singing an old song Don't worry, I ain't going to ask you To come back and love me Baby you don't have to Cause I can be in love with you, without you  Oh and If you're gone for good I hope that you go far Cause how I fell about you Don't matter where you are  Yeah... and I know You want me to move on Start living a new life Stop singing an old song But I can be in love with you No matter where you go No matter what you do I can be in love with you, without you|Country
bradpaisley|Bigger Fish to Fry|I said a bad word when I was a kid Mamma said that I'd be sorry for the sin that I did My daddy whooped me and the preacher said shame And I tried like hell to change.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> But I cuss, I smoke, I laugh at dirty jokes The minor voices, man I know 'em well I've closed down bars, I've lusted in my heart My ex's think I ougta burn in hell But the devil he won't notice when I die Don't you figure he's got bigger fish to fry.  Politicians taking pork barrel bribes Crooked CEOs are getting off with no time Christmas Eve burglers stealing good children's toys, (can't say Christmas) Holiday burglers stealing good children's toys.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I cuss, I smoke, I laugh at dirty jokes The minor voices, man I know 'em well I've closed down bars, I've lusted in my heart My ex think I ougta burn in hell But the devil won't even notice when I die Yeah don't you figure he's got bigger fish to fry.  Yeah there's gonna be bonfire burning An everlasting barbecue. But with all the bad stuff going on There ain't gonna be room for me and you.  'Cause we cuss, we smoke, ee laugh at Tater's jokes. <i>[Spoken]</i> Tell one Jim. You know you're old when your wife says honey let's run upstairs and make love And your answer is "I cannot do both." The minor voices, man we know 'em well We've closed down bars, we've lusted in our hearts Our ex's think we ougta burn in hell But the devil he won't notice when we die Hey, don't you figure he's got bigger fish to fry  Yeah, don't you figure he's got bigger fish to fry Pass the tartar sauce.  When we all get to heaven what a day of rejoicing it will be...|Country
bradpaisley|When We All Get to Heaven|Sing the wondrous love of Jesus; Sing his mercy and his grace. In the mansions bright and blessed He'll prepare for us a place.  While we walk the pilgrim pathway  Clouds will overspread the sky  But when travlin days are over  Not a shadow not a sigh  <i>[Refrain:]</i>  When we all get to heaven, What a day of rejoicing that will be! When we all see Jesus, We'll sing and shout the victory!  Onward to the prize before us! Soon his beauty we'll behold; Soon the pearly gates will open; We shall tread the streets of gold.  <i>[Refrain]</i>|Country
bradpaisley|This is Country Music|You're not supposed to say the word "cancer" in a song. And tellin' folks Jesus is the answer can rub 'em wrong. It ain't hip to sing about tractors, trucks, little towns, and mama, yeah that might be true. But this is country music and we do  Do you like to drink a cold one on the weekend and get a little loud Do you wanna say I'm sorry or I love you but you don't know how? Do you wish somebody had the nerve to tell that stupid boss of yours To shove it next time he yells at you? Well this is country music and we do  So turn it on, turn it up, and sing along This is real; this is your life in a song Yeah this is country music.  Are you haunted by the echo of your mother on the phone Crying as she tells you that your brother is not coming home? And if there's anyone that still has pride and the memory of those That died defending the old red, white, and blue, This is country music and we do  So turn it on, turn it up, and sing along This is real; this is your life in a song Just like a road that takes you home Yeah this is right where you belong This is country music This is country music He Stopped Loving Her Today Hello Darling God Bless the USA Amarillo by the Morning Stand by your Man Mama Tried Take Me Home I Walk the Line Country Boy Can Survive|Country
bradpaisley|Old Alabama|She’d rather wear a pair of cut-off jeans than a fancy evening dress,  And with her windows rolled down and her hair all blown around, she’s a hot southern mess...  She’ll take a beer over white wine and a campfire over candle light,  And when it comes to love, oh her idea of a romantic night...   Is listenin’ to old Alabama, drivin' through Tennessee...  A little Dixieland Delight at the Right Time of the Night,  And she can’t keep her hands off of me-ee-eee!   And now we’re rollin’ down an old back road,  I got the steering wheel in one hand...  We’ll find a hideaway where she and I can play,  In Mother Nature’s band...   Now we’re listenin’ to old Alabama, parked somewhere in Tennessee...  A little Dixieland Delight and It Feels So Right,  And It’s Love In The First Degree-ee-eee!   Forget about Sinatra or Coltrane, or some ol’ Righteous Brothers song,  And Barry White ain’t gonna work tonight, if you really wanna turn her on;  Play some back home come on music that comes from the heart,  Play something with lots of feeling, ‘cause that’s where music has to start…   Now we’re listenin' to Old Alabama, and we’re drivin' through Tennessee,  A little Dixieland Delight and It Feels So Right and its Love in the First Degree...   Yeah’ you know we’re listenin' to Old Alabama (old Alabama) drivin' through Tennessee (Tennessee)  A little Why Lady Why at The Right Time of The Night  Oh and she can’t keep her hands off of me-ee-eee   Oh, play me some old Alabama,  Oh, play me some old Alabama...  Won’t you play me some old Alabama,  Play me some old Alabama...  Won’t you pla-ee-ay-ay  yeee-haw!!!|Country
bradpaisley|A Man Don't Have To Die|Well he yelled out from the back row look here preacher man We all know you're new here but you need to understand  It don't really scare us when you yell and shake your fist You see we already know that hell exists  Its six months short of thirty years when the boss man lays you off No thankin you, no parachute, and no shiny new gold watch Its payments you cant make on a house that you cant sell See a man don't have to die to go to hell No you don't have to die to go to hell  So tell us bout them angels and how they fly around and sing Tell us how to get there cause we all want to be Restin in the arms of Jesus no shame or pain or tears  There's hell enough to go around down here  Its a place out by the airport where the girls dance just for you And all you feel is drunk and broke and lonely when they're through Its waking up with nothing but that stale tobacco smell See a man don't have to die to go to hell Nah you don't have to die to go to hell  Oooh oooh oooh <i>[x2]</i>  Its every other weekend and Wednesdays with your kid  And knowin that he'll hate you when he finds out what you did Cause you'd all still be together if you loved his momma well There ain't no end to the stories we could tell Yeah a man don't have to die to go to hell  So tell us bout them angels how they fly around and sing  Oooooh oooh ooohohhh <i>[x2]</i>|Country
bradpaisley|Camouflage|Kevin wasn't really all that popular in school But I remember well the day I thought now that guy's pretty cool He pulled into the parking lot and everybody cheered Because he had gone and painted his entire Chevy Cavalier camouflage  Camouflage it disappears when it pulls out of his garage Camouflage-camouflage  I asked Jenny to the prom and her mom knew how to sew So she made a matching tux and gown from Duck Blind Mossy Oak We took pictures in the backyard before we went to the dance And the only thing that you can see is our faces and our hands  Camouflage, Camouflage you should've seen the way it popped with her corsage Camouflage, camouflage, ain't nothing that doesn't go with camouflage  You can blend in in the country You can stand out in the fashion world Be invisible to a white tail, irresistible to a redneck girl  Camouflage, camouflage Oh you're my favorite color camouflage  You can blend in in the country You can stand out in the fashion world Be invisible to a white tail, irresistible to a redneck girl  Well the stars and bars offend some folks and I guess I see why Nowadays there's still a way to show your southern pride The only thing as patriotic is the old red white and blue Is green and gray and black and brown and tan all over too  Camouflage, camouflage Designed by Mother Nature and by God  It's camouflage, camouflage Oh you're my favorite color camouflage|Country
bradpaisley|Remind Me|<i>[Brad:]</i> We didn't care if people stared We'd make out in a crowd somewhere Somebody'd tell us to get a room It's hard to believe that was me and you Now we keep saying that we're okay But I don't want to settle for good not great I miss the way that it felt back then I wanna feel that way again  <i>[Brad:]</i> Been so long that you'd forget the way I used to kiss your neck <i>[Carrie:]</i> Remind me, remind me <i>[Brad:]</i> So on fire so in love. Way back when we couldn't get enough <i>[Carrie:]</i> Remind me, remind me  <i>[Carrie:]</i> Remember the airport dropping me off We were kissing goodbye and we couldn't stop <i>[Brad:]</i> I felt bad cause you missed your flight <i>[Carrie and Brad:]</i> But that meant we had one more night  <i>[Carrie:]</i> Do you remember how it used to be We'd turn out the lights and we didn't just sleep <i>[Brad:]</i> Remind me, baby, remind me <i>[Carrie:]</i> Oh, so on fire so in love That look in your eyes that I miss so much <i>[Brad:]</i> Remind me, baby, remind me  <i>[Brad:]</i> I wanna feel that way <i>[Carrie:]</i> Yeah, I wanna hold you close <i>[Brad and Carrie]</i> Oh, if you still love me Don't just assume I know  <i>[Carrie:]</i> Baby, remind me, remind me  <i>[Carrie:]</i> Do you remember the way it felt? <i>[Brad:]</i> You mean back when we couldn't control ourselves <i>[Carrie:]</i> Remind me <i>[Brad:]</i> Yeah, remind me <i>[Carrie:]</i> All those things that you used to do That made me fall in love with you Remind me, oh, baby, remind me  <i>[Brad:]</i> Yeah, you'd wake up in my old t-shirt All those mornings I was late for work Remind me  <i>[Brad and Carrie]</i> Oh, baby, remind me  <i>[Carrie:]</i> Oh, baby, remind me, baby, remind me <i>[Brad:]</i> Yeah, you'd wake up in my old t-shirt <i>[Carrie:]</i> Remind me, yeah, oh <i>[Brad:]</i> Baby, remind me|Country
bradpaisley|Working On a Tan|She's got the focus  she's got the time  she's got a deeper shade in mind  She's got headphones  She's got spring break Swimsuit and Coppertone 8   She's working on a tan  She's sitting in the sand chilling in a chair, flower in her hair margarita in her hand  Soaking up the sun getting next to nothing done  there's a term paper due in a week or two only she don't give a damn  She's working on a tan  working on a tan   All the Kappa Sigma boys been lifting weights hitting that gym drinking protein shakes  they got a cooler full of beer and it's loaded in the jeep why do you think they're going to the   Beach   Because she's working on a tan  She's sitting in the sand, chilling in a chair, flower in her hair margarita in her hand  Soaking up the sun getting next to nothing done  shes attracting a crowd got their tongues hanging out but she don't give a damn  She's working on a tan  working on a tan   Yeah so many things run thing her mind?.reapply  So this week while you are stuck in your cubicle or your serving Starbucks or you're still in   School  far from rubbing sunscreen on your skin sorry but I have to rub it in   She's working on a tan  She's sitting in the sand, chilling in a chair, flower in her hair margarita in her hand  Soaking up the sun getting next to nothing done  forget her grades forget her GPA she don't give a damn  She's working on a tan  working on a tan|Country
bradpaisley|Love Her Like She's Leavin'|We cut the cake, everybody danced, and some people drank too much. You looked like the cover, of a bride's magazine, and I looked like some guy in a tux. I'll never forget, when your Uncle Bill, pulled up a chair and sat down, And said "Son I've been married now 45 years, " and he pointed at you through the crowd,  And said  "Love her like she's leaving, Like it's all gonna end, if you don't. Love her like she's leaving, Oh and I guarantee, she won't."  He said "It's sending her flowers, for no reason at all. And notes on the fridge every day. An unexpected gift, at an unexpected time, that keeps the lawyers away. And it's easy to take forever for granted, with tin cans tied to your car. And I know she tells you that she'll always be there, but I'm telling you if you're smart, "  "You'll love her like she's leaving, Like all it's gonna end, if you don't. Love her like she's leaving, Oh and I guarantee, she won't."  "Yeah, she could have any man she wants, you know it's true. Best way to keep her, is to keep her wanting you."  "Love her like she's leaving Oh and I guarantee she won't."  "Yeah, I guarantee she won't."|Country
bradpaisley|One of Those Lives|Rush hour traffic, Always puts me in a bad mood. I got chewed out by the boss today, And now I'm stuck on highway 92.  Then you call me on my cell phone, While I'm cussin' out a Cadillac.    You say remember Tom and Jenny's little boy? Well, the doctors say the cancer's back.  Man its been one of those days, When I been thinking poor me. I got no right to complain I guess, Cause right now all I can see.  Is a little angel in a Yankees cap, It makes me realize. It's just been one those days for me, But for him it's been one of those lives.  Everybody under my roof, Is healthy- knock on wood. Oh but I sure do sweat the small stuff,  I don't thank God as much as I should.  Tonight I'm thinking about Tommy and Jenny, And how they spent the last four years. All those extended stays in Memphis, All the sleepless nights, the prayers, the tears.  It's just been one of those days, Where I was thinking poor me. I got no right to complain I guess, Cause right now all I can see.  Is that family moving back to Target House, It makes me realize. It's just been one those days for me, But for them its been one of those lives.  And so it's been one of those days, I let things get to me. I got no right to complain, Cause when I look around I see.  Folks that are fightin' for every breath, And it makes me realize. It's just been one for those days for me, But for them it's been one of those lives.|Country
bradpaisley|Toothbrush|Love starts with a toothbrush, A Bic razor and a Dixie cup A little splash of aftershave, Before you leave for that first date See stars in both your eyes After that long kiss goodnight  Forever starts with a suitcase, A Sneaking out the window getaway To the car parked by the curb, Gassed up for a Gatlinburg A little chapel and a couple of rings Will get you two toothbrushes by the bathroom sink  Everything that's anything Starts out as a little thing Just needs a little time and room to grow Step by step, day by day It all adds up along the way And the next thing that you know  Life starts with a little house, A corner lot on the edge of town A weed eater and a picket fence You think it's good as the getting gets Then she wakes up feeling bad You both wonder what's up with that  Everything that's anything Starts out as a little thing Just needs a little time and room to grow Step by step, day by day It all adds up along the way And the next thing that you know  One night around eight o'clock You scrub him down then you dry him off You pick him up and put his little feet On the stool by the bathroom sink You grab the crest and the Dixie cup It all hits you as he opens up... Love starts with a toothbrush|Country
bradpaisley|Be the Lake|There ain't nothing I would rather see Than you drying off on this dock I've been thinking, it's so good to be me But girl, on second thought  Wish I could be the beach towel that you laid down on Or that two-piece that's fitting you so right, it's wrong Or the sunshine kissing on your skin Wish I could be the lake that you're swimming in  Well, I'm hiding behind these Ray-Ban shades Staring at you like I do I'm right here beside you and it's killing me 'Cause I can't get close enough to you  Wish I could be the beach towel that you laid down on Or that two-piece that's fitting you so right, it's wrong Or the sunshine kissing on your skin Wish I could be the lake that you're swimming in  Or maybe that book you laid on your chest When you drift off like you do Or maybe that 25 SPF You keep rubbing all over you  Wish I could be the beach towel that you laid down on Or that two-piece that's fitting you so right, it's wrong Or the sunshine kissing on your skin Wish I could be the lake that you're swimming in Wish I could be the lake that you're swimming in|Country
bradpaisley|Eastwood|Hi, what about Western? Yeah  <i>[Clint Eastwood]</i> You want Western? This is Western.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>|Country
bradpaisley|New Favorite Memory|You're fumbling around in the bedroom, Trying to put on your shoes, Hair still down, dress half on, Looking like you’re about to blow a fuse. I know what’s about to happen, I can read you like a book, You’re about to shoot that cute little "yeah, we're late" look...  And there it is, Baby, don’t move, I wanna soak this in, I’ve got a new favorite memory of you.  Driving through town, running red lights You take my hand in the car, Finally make it to the restaurant, And our friends are two drinks in at the bar. I know what's about to happen, Yeah, folks don’t change that dial, She’s about to light the room up with a laugh and a smile...  And there it is, Baby, don’t move, I wanna soak this in, I’ve got a new favorite memory of you.  Yeah, I’m gonna fall farther, Baby, I know, wait for it And wait for it, Here I go...  You're fumbling around in the bedroom, Trying to take off your shoes, Hair back down, dress half off, You look at me...  And there it is, Baby, don’t move, I wanna soak this in, I’ve got a new favorite memory of you.  Here we go again, I've got a new favorite memory of you.|Country
bradpaisley|Don't Drink the Water|Empty house, Empty Rooms, Empty bottle of Petron I need to go out but not around here There ain't nowhere we haven't gone There's this travel agent that I know who says Cozumel is real nice And so he got me a deal on a flight and a room and a little bit of free advice  Don't drink the water I told him that's ok I ain't going down To Mexico to drink the water anyway  Blake ain't you been there yeah (Blake) I've been there a time or two They got some sweet Senoritas That are more than glad to meet you But I'm tellin you boy that whatever you do  Don't drink the water Ok ok I ain't going down To Mexico to drink the water anyway  Corona or Tecate or my old friend Jose I ain't going down To Mexico to drink the water anyway  On this trip anything I sip better have a kick and a burn Strong enough to get you off my mind Little by little and a little grub of worm  Don't drink the water That's what they say I ain't going down To Mexico to drink the water anyway  No one I know goes to Mexico To drink the water anyway|Country
bradpaisley|I Do Now|I never knew how people wound up in a bar In the middle of the day Broken souls or broken lives From the choices that they made I didn't know how much I had to lose When I threw it all away  But I do now, I do now Oh, I'd give anything If I could just go back in time somehow I wouldn't break your heart, I wouldn't break those vows If I could lift that veil and look you in the eye And say I do now  Standing before God and all our friends In that little church Barely listening to a thing that preacher said Just repeating every word I didn't have a clue what it all meant But girl, for what it's worth  I do now, I do now Oh, I'd give anything If I could just go back in time somehow I wouldn't break your heart, I wouldn't break those vows If I could lift that veil and look you in the eye And say I do now  I wouldn't break your heart, I wouldn't break those vows If I could lift that veil and look you in the eye And say I do now|Country
bradpaisley|Life's Railway To Heaven|Life is like a mountain railway With an engineer that's brave We must make the run successful From the cradle to the grave Watch for curves and hills and valleys Never falter never fail And keep your hands upon the throttle And your eye upon the rail  Blessed Savior, Thou wilt guide us Till we reach that blissful shore Where the angels wait to join us In God's praise forevermore  As you roll across the trestle Spanning Jordan's swelling tide You behold the Union Depot Into which your train will glide There you'll meet the Superintendent God, the Father, God, the Son With a hearty joyous greeting Weary pilgrim, welcome home  Blessed Savior, Thou wilt guide us Till we reach that blissful shore Where the angels wait to join us In God's praise forevermore  Blessed Savior, Thou wilt guide us Till we reach that blissful shore Where the angels wait to join us In God's praise forevermore Where the angels wait to join us In God's praise forevermore  So turn it on, turn it up And sing along|Country
bradpaisley|American Saturday Night|Woahhhhh woahhhhhhh  Shes got Brazilian leather boots on the pedal of her German car  Listen to the Beatles singing back in the USSR  Yeah shes goin around the world tonight  But she ain't leavin here  Shes just going to meet her boyfriend down at the street fair   It's a french kiss, italian ice  Spanish moss in the moonlight  Just another American Saturday night   There's a big toga party tonight down at Delta Chi  They've got Canadian bacon on their pizza pie  They've got a cooler full of cold Coronas and Amstel light  It's like were all livin' in a big ol' cup  Just fire up the blender, mix it all up   It's a French kiss, Italian ice  Margaritas in the moonlight (woahhhh)  Just another American Saturday night   You know everywhere has something they're known for  Although usually it washes up on our shores  My great great great granddaddy stepped off of that ship  I bet he never ever dreamed we'd have all this   You know everywhere has somethin' they're known for  Although usually it washes up on our shores  Little Italy, Chinatown, sittin' there side by side  Live from New York, It's Saturday Night!   It's a French kiss, Italian ice,  Spanish moss in the moonlight  Just another American, just another American, Its just another American Saturday night|Country
bradpaisley|Everybody's Here|I'm still breathing and my heart's still beating  I might as well start living again  And so I threw on a shirt  Put on a jacket went out to meet some friends  And now I'm acting like I couldn't be better  Like I've always got this smile on my face  Walking around weaving through the crowd  And trying not to look out of place   Cause everybody's here  Yeah but if you look close you'll see  Everybody's here  Everybody's here but me   The first time somebody asked where you were  I didn't know what to say  The second time somebody asked where you were  I lied and said she's on her way  The third time somebody asked where you were  Well I just wanted to scream  I guess the land of the living  Aint no place for a heartbroken zombie like me.   Cause everybody's here  Yeah but if you look close you'll see  Its painfully clear  Everybody's here but me   Now I look around and see a lot of single people  But there aint a single one like me  Because they all wanna leave here with somebody  And I just wanna leave   Everybody's here  Its painfully clear  Everybody's here  Yeah but if you look close you'll see  Everybody's here  Everybody's here but me|Country
bradpaisley|Welcome to the Future|When I was ten years old,  I remember thinkin' how cool it would be,  When we were goin' on an eight hour drive,  If I could just watch T.V.   And I'd have given anything  To have my own PacMan game at home.  I used to have to get a ride down to the arcade;  Now I've got it on my phone.   He-e-ey...  Glory glory hallelujah.  Welcome to the future.   My grandpa was in World War II,  He fought against the Japanese.  He wrote a hundred letters to my grandma;  Mailed em from his base in the Philippines.   I wish they could see this now,  Where they say this change can go.  Cause I was on a video chat this morning  With a company in Tokyo.   He-e-ey...  Everyday is a revolution.  Welcome to the future.   He-e-ey...  Look around it's all so clear.  He-e-ey...  Wherever we would go and well we...  He-e-ey...  So many things I never thought I'd see...  Happening right in front of me.   I had a friend in school,  Running-back on a football team,  They burned a cross in his front yard  For asking out the home-coming queen.   I thought about him today,  Everybody who's seen what he's seen,  From a woman on a bus  To a man with a dream.   He-e-ey...  Wake up Martin Luther.  Welcome to the future.  He-e-ey...  Glory glory hallelujah.  Welcome to the future.|Country
bradpaisley|Then|I remember trying not to stare The night that I first met you You had me mesmerized And three weeks later In the front porch light Taking 45 minutes to kiss goodnight I hadn't told you yet But I thought I loved you then  And now you're my whole life Now you're my whole world I just can't believe The way I feel about you girl Like a river meets the sea Stronger than it's ever been We've come so far since that day And I thought I loved you then  I remember taking you back To right where I first met you You were so surprised There were people around But I didn't care I got down on one knee right there And once again I thought I loved you then  But now you're my whole life Now you're my whole world I just can't believe The way I feel about you girl Like a river meets the sea Stronger than it's ever been We've come so far since that day And I thought I loved you then  I can just see you With a baby on the way I can just see you When your hair is turning grey What I can't see Is how I'm ever gonna love you more But I've said that before  And now you're my whole life Now you're my whole world I just can't believe The way I feel about you girl We'll look back someday At this moment that we're in And I'll look at you and say And I thought I loved you then  And I thought I loved you then|Country
bradpaisley|Water|Inflatable pool full of dad's hot air  I was three years old  Splashin' everywhere  And so began my love affair  With water   On a river bank  With all my friends  A big old rope tied to a limb  And your a big old wuss  If you don't jump in  The water   Yeah when that summer sun starts to beatin' down  And you don't know what to do  Grab your swimming trunks  Ice up that old igloo  Drive until the map turns blue   Daytona Beach on spring break  Eighteen girls up on stage  White t-shirts about to be sprayed  With water   Oh let'er go boys   Yeah when that summer sun starts to beatin' down  And you don't know what to do  Just go and grab someone you wanna see in a bathing suit  And drive until the map turns blue   You can stay right there  When the daylights gone  Play truth or dare  And it wont take long  'Fore you and her got nothin' on  But water   All you really need this time of year  Is a pair of shades  And ice cold beer  And a place to sit somewhere near  Water|Country
bradpaisley|She's Her Own Woman|I called to say I’m working late tonight To cancel our dinner date but she just said that’s alright Just like that she made some other plans  Saw a movie with a couple friends had herself a ball  Oh, cause after all  She’s her own woman without me she does fine She’s her own woman (woahhh) but she’s mine  I couldn’t tell you even if you had a gun to my head Where we keep the tarragon or even what the hell that is Well I wouldn’t last 45 minutes in this house without her living in it I’d be lost yeah that’s for sure but as for her  She’s her own woman without me she’d be fine She’s her own woman (woahhh) but she’s mine  Raised up a daddy’s girl went out into the big wide world Has never needed anybody’s help With everything she does for me, Oh it’s still a mystery how I fell in love with her all by myself   She’s her own woman Got it goin’ on, that’s suits me fine You’re gunna have to find your own woman Ohhh cause she’s mine.|Country
bradpaisley|Welcome to the Future|When I was ten years old,  I remember thinkin' how cool it would be,  When we were goin' on an eight hour drive,  If I could just watch T.V.   And I'd have given anything  To have my own PacMan game at home.  I used to have to get a ride down to the arcade;  Now I've got it on my phone.   He-e-ey...  Glory glory hallelujah.  Welcome to the future.   My grandpa was in World War II,  He fought against the Japanese.  He wrote a hundred letters to my grandma;  Mailed em from his base in the Philippines.   I wish they could see this now,  Where they say this change can go.  Cause I was on a video chat this morning  With a company in Tokyo.   He-e-ey...  Everyday is a revolution.  Welcome to the future.   He-e-ey...  Look around it's all so clear.  He-e-ey...  Wherever we would go and well we...  He-e-ey...  So many things I never thought I'd see...  Happening right in front of me.   I had a friend in school,  Running-back on a football team,  They burned a cross in his front yard  For asking out the home-coming queen.   I thought about him today,  Everybody who's seen what he's seen,  From a woman on a bus  To a man with a dream.   He-e-ey...  Wake up Martin Luther.  Welcome to the future.  He-e-ey...  Glory glory hallelujah.  Welcome to the future.|Country
bradpaisley|Anything Like Me|I remember sayin' I don't care either way Just as long as he or she is healthy I'm OK Then the doctor pointed to the corner of the screen And said, "You see that thing right there, well, you know what that means."  I started wondering who he was gonna be And I thought, "Heaven, help us if he's anything like me."  He'll probably climb a tree too tall and ride his bike too fast End up every summer wearing something in a cast He's gonna throw a ball and break some glass in a window down the street  He's gonna get in trouble oh he's gonna get in fights I'm gonna lose my temper and some sleep  It's safe to say that I'm gonna get my pay back If he's anything like me  I can see him right now, knees all skinned up With a magnifying glass trying to melt the Tonka truck Won't he be a sight with his football helmet on That'll be his first love 'til his first love comes along  He'll get his heart broke by the time he's in his teens And heaven help him if he's anything like me  He'll probably stay out too late and drive his car too fast Get a speeding ticket he'll pay for mowing grass He's gonna get caught skipping class and be grounded for a week  He's gonna get in trouble, we're gonna get in fights I'm gonna lose my temper and some sleep  It's safe to say that I'm gonna get my pay back If he's anything like me  He's gonna love me and hate me along the way Years are gonna fly by I already dread the day  He's gonna hug his momma, he's gonna shake my hand He's gonna act like he can't wait to leave  But as he drives out He'll cry his eyes out If he's anything like me  There's worse folks to be like Oh, he'll be alright If he's anything like me|Country
bradpaisley|You Do the Math|With seven billion people in this world,  I can't believe your still a single girl,  I bet you're thinking you're better off on your own,  But the best things in life,  Just can't be done alone.   It takes two to make love baby,  I'm sure of that,  I'm one, you're one,  You do the math.   Being single has been kinda fun,  But I can see you with me ridin' shotgun,  I'll take you baby anywhere you wanna go,  And together we can have more fun than we can have alone.   It takes two to make love baby,  I'm sure of that,  I'm one, you're one,  You do the math.   I ain't never been a number's guy, but sure enough,  I look into your eyes and all adds up.   It takes two to make love baby,  I'm sure of that,  I'm one, you're one,  You do the math.   I'm one, you're one,  You do the math.|Country
bradpaisley|No|On my fifth birthday, I got so upset About the brand new bike that I didn't get I'd prayed my heart out, and it didn't seem fair I told my Grandpa, "I guess God doesn't care" And he just smiled and said "My child Make no mistake, every prayer you pray Gets answered, even though Sometimes, the answer is no"  Five years later, out behind the shed With a stolen pack of grandpa's cigarettes I struck a match, and held that first one to my lips and prayed to God, "Please let me get away with this" And through the smoky air, I saw grandpa standing there  Make no mistake, every prayer you pray Gets answered, even though Sometimes, the answer is no  When I think of all the answers in my life, I would have to say There's no doubt it was always for the best When I didn't get my way  Grandpa got older, like grandpas do His health was failing, and I guess I knew It'd be best if he was called on home But selfishly I prayed that God would keep him hanging on And when he passed away, in my mind I heard him say  Make no mistake, every prayer you pray Gets answered, even though Sometimes, the answer is no  Sometimes the answer is no|Country
bradpaisley|Catch All the Fish|I filled up two shopping carts late last night  The one was full of fishing gear, the other Miller Lite   The checkout-lady laughed and said 'You think you got enough'  And I said 'Yeah, You're probably right', and filled another two carts up   Gonna catch all the fish  Gonna drink all the beer  Gonna head outta town   We're not staying here  Might take all day  Might take all year  Till we catch all the fish  Till we drink all the beer   So I picked up the boys at dawn and we were on our way  It hadn't been ten minutes before Jimmy's cellphone rang  His old lady asked him how we'd be on the lake  And I said You tell her 'We're staying here however long it takes'   Gonna catch all the fish  Gonna drink all the beer  Better warn her now  Better make it clear  Might take all day  Might take all year  Till we catch all the fish  Till we drink all the beer   Just as long as there's a can left in that cooler  Just as long as there's a bass left in that lake  That just means we still got some work to do here  Just as long as there's still gas left in that tank   As long as there's a can left in that cooler  As long as there's a bass left in that lake  That just means that we still got some work to do here  As long as there's still gas left in that tank   Well, we caught all the fish  And we drank all the beer  And we ran outta gas  Now we're stuck out here  With lots of emtpy cans  And worthless fishing gear  Cause we drank all the fish  And we caught all the beer  Well, I mean we caught all the fish  And drank all the beer|Country
bradpaisley|Oh Yeah, You're Gone|I opened my eyes, look at the clock,  It says eight fifteen,  Stumble out of bed, fumble down the hall,  Still half asleep.   Opened up a window, opened up the paper,  And put some coffee on, grab two cups,  Oh yeah, you're gone.   Shower and shave, take a little time to read the news,  Sort through the mail,  See something about some sale they're having on women's shoes,   Billy's band is playing at the Canyon club on Friday,  I bet they sing our song, maybe we can go,  Oh year, you're gone.   This is gonna take some getting used to baby,  I'm gonna need more time,  Cause I still say us when I ought to say me,  I still say ours instead of mine,  Every plan I make, every road I take,  I still see you riding along,  Then suddenly it hits me,  Oh yeah, you're gone.   This is gonna take some getting used to baby,  I think I need more time,  Because I still say us, when I ought to say me,  I still say ours instead of mine,  Every plan I make, every road I take,  I still see you riding alone,  Then suddenly it hits me,  Oh yeah, you're gone.   Oh there ain't no doubt about it baby,  Oh yeah, you're gone.|Country
bradpaisley|The Pants|You say the man inside those Levi's don't take orders  She'll just have to realize you'll do as you damn well please   You wear the pants  Buddy good for you  I'm so impressed  Yeah, whoopty-doo  You need to know  That ain't how it works  It's not who wears the pants,  It's who wears the skirt   In the top drawer, of her dresser, there's some panties  Go try on that purple pair, with lace and frills  With your big old legs, I bet you can't get in 'em  With that attitude of yours, hell, I bet you never will   But you wear the pants  Buddy good for you  I'm so impressed  Yeah, whoopty-doo  You need to know  That ain't how it works  It's not who wears the pants,  It's who wears the skirt   A big old boy like you can probably bench 350  A little thing like her can barely lift the bar  Just wait 'til that woman has a headache  And she sits there with her legs crossed  Well, we'll see how strong you are   You wear the pants  Well, good for you  I'm so impressed  Yeah, whoopty-doo  You need to know  That ain't how it works  It's not who wears the pants,  It's who wears the skirt   You wear the pants,  She'll wear the skirt|Country
bradpaisley|I Hope That's Me|Somebody's gotta scratch your back, the places you can't reach Say something that'll make you laugh, that's exactly what you need, And I hope that's me, I hope that's me.  Somebody's gonna get dressed up and take you out for valentine's, Get lots of jealous looks thinking that's one lucky guy, And I hope that's me, I hope that's me.  And you, you keep on wondering who, is gonna love you like I already do, And I keep wondering when you'll see, that eventually.  Somebody's gonna throw on a coat, When your fever hits a hundred and two, Go down and pick your prescription up, And come home and fix you soup, And I hope that's me, I hope that's me.  Somebody's gonna buy a ring, Somebody's gonna make you cry, Somebody's gonna lift that veil, And get to look into your eyes, And I hope that's me, I hope that's me.  Cause you, you keep on wondering who, is gonna love you like I already do, And I keep wondering when you'll see, maybe eventually.  Old man on a front porch swing, Looking back on his long life, Glass of ice tea in his hand, Other arm around his wife.  And I hope that's you, I hope that's me. I hope that's you, and I hope that's me. I hope that's you, and I hope that's me. I hope that's you, and I hope that's me.  I hope that's me.|Country
bradpaisley|Long Sermon|They've read the scripture, they've passed the plate And we're both prayin' he don't preach late But he's gettin' "Amens," and that's just our luck Yeah, it's eighty-five degrees outside and he's just gettin' warmed up   <i>[Chorus]</i> Oh you and me, we could be soakin' up that sun Findin' out just how fast your brother's boat'll run I tell you there ain't nothin' that'll test your faith Like a long sermon on a pretty Sunday   Well it's been rainin' all week long I woke up this mornin', the dark clouds were gone We've both been raised not to miss church But on a day like today heaven knows how much it hurts   <i>[Chorus]</i>  See that sunlight shinin' through that stained glass How much longer is this gonna last   <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
bradpaisley|Me Neither|Darlin' I've been standin' here just watchin' you all night And I think I've even caught you watchin' me a couple times If I don't ask I'll never know This may sound dumb, but here we go Do you believe in love at first sight   Me neither I'm glad that we agree Believe me That's a big relief Well, this place is awful crowded And this music is so loud Would you like to go and grab a bite to eat Me neither   It's nice to finally meet a girl who doesn't move too fast I was only checkin', that's the reason that I asked Relationships need time to grow You and I should take this slow And darlin' tell me, would you like to dance   Me neither I was just bein' polite Thank goodness My feet are much too tired I'm sure you're tired too I can see an empty booth Would you like to maybe sit and talk a while Me neither We'd never get along I'm thinkin' there's no chemistry at all This has been a waste of time And I'm runnin' outta lines Don't you think it's time for me to end this song Me neither|Country
bradpaisley|Who Needs Pictures|There's an old Kodak camera in my dresser drawer I ran across it just this afternoon And I realized that I don't ever use it anymore In fact last time I did I think it was with you   When we were down in Cozumel We had the whole beach to ourselves And it's crazy now to think  That it's all there on that film And I could take it to the store  To be developed, but what for I can still see everything just fine And who needs pictures with a memory like mine   Standin' there I couldn't help but think about Everything that might be on that roll I think it even has another trip we took I guess that must've been at least three years ago   When we were down in Baton Rouge And there wasn't much to do So we drove into New Orleans every afternoon And I swear that you would think  That it was only yesterday 'Cause I can still see everything just fine Who needs pictures with a memory like mine   Somewhere in my closet  There's a cardboard box just sittin' on a shelf It's full of faded memories And it's been there ever since the night you left   Oh, just forgotten photographs To remind me of the past Oh, but I can still see everything just fine Who needs pictures with a memory like mine Yeah, who needs pictures with a memory like mine|Country
bradpaisley|Don't Breathe|Oh yeah, sure, no problem I'll just throw away these feelings Let go of all these hopes And never think of you   No offense, but you've lost it If you think I'll just forget you And decide that I don't love you Do you realize what you're tellin' me to do   <i>[Chorus]</i> It's like sayin' don't breathe Or don't blink Well darlin' I don't think you understand See, I can't just turn this off It's like sayin' don't eat Or don't sleep Our love's just one of those things That I've gotten used to doin' way too long   You don't have to worry I'm not gonna stop you You can pack up all your things And head on out that door   But don't stand there and tell me How you think it would be best To leave my feelings in the past And not allow myself to love you anymore   <i>[Chorus]</i>  It's like sayin' don't eat Or don't sleep Our love's just one of those things That I've gotten used to doin' way too long|Country
bradpaisley|He Didn't Have to Be|When a single mom goes out on a date with somebody new It always winds up feeling more like a job interview My momma used to wonder if she'd ever meet someone Who wouldn't find out about me and then turn around and run   I met the man I call my dad when I was five years old He took my mom out to a movie and for once I got to go A few months later I remember lying there in bed I overheard him pop the question and prayed that she'd say yes   And then all of a sudden Oh, it seemed so strange to me How we went from something's missing To a family Lookin' back all I can say About all the things he did for me Is I hope I'm at least half the dad That he didn't have to be   I met the girl that's now my wife about three years ago We had the perfect marriage but we wanted somethin' more Now here I stand surrounded by our family and friends Crowded 'round the nursery window as they bring the baby in   And now all of a sudden It seemed so strange to me How we've gone from something's missing To a family Lookin' through the glass I think about the man That's standin' next to me And I hope I'm at least half the dad That he didn't have to be   Lookin' back all I can say About all the things he did for me Is I hope I'm at least half the dad That he didn't have to be   Yeah, I hope I'm at least half the dad That he didn't have to be Because he didn't have to be You know he didn't have to be|Country
bradpaisley|It Never Woulda Worked Out Anyway|Oh lighten up, where's your sense of humor They're just tiny little rumors That I started 'cause I'm lookin' out for you Oh settle down, I'm just a little jealous And I'm sure those other fellas Never once believed the lies I told were true   Like the time I told that cowboy that you used to be a man And the doctor you were datin' that you hide your wedding band Even if I am responsible for scaring them away You really ought to thank me, I was doin' you a favor 'Cause it never woulda worked out anyway   Oh can't you see, the reason that I'm doin' All the crazy things I'm doin' Is because I really care about you girl And I'll admit I go a little farther Than I know I probably oughta But it's all because I need you in my world   Like the time I told that lawyer that you spent a year in jail And the salesman you were seein' you hang out at cheap motels Even if I am responsible for scaring them away You really ought to thank me, I was doin' you a favor 'Cause it never woulda worked out anyway   I can't stand the thought of you with anybody else I know I've gone overboard but I can't help myself   Like the time I told that dentist you had seven little kids And you doubled as a dancer at the strip joint on the ridge Even if I am responsible for scaring him away You really ought to thank me, I was doin' you a favor 'Cause it never woulda worked out anyway   It's all because I love you and I can't stop thinkin' of you And it never woulda worked out anyway|Country
bradpaisley|Holdin' On to You|I'm holdin' on to you When I close my eyes You're still in my arms And we never said goodbye And it's all that I can do To go on with my life But that's supposed to be the reason Why I'm here tonight   In a downtown restaurant with a friend of a friend Well she sure likes to talk and I ain't heard a single word she's said   <i>[Chorus]</i> Oh, but every now and then I nod And I pretend to pay attention And I say things like, "uh huh" And, "yeah, you're right" and "are you kiddin'" And I laugh when it seems Like the right thing to do It's hard to hold a conversation Holdin' on to you   I'd give anything  Just to hear your voice Or see you look at me and smile Oh but what I miss the most   Is holdin' on to you 'Cause here I am tonight Starin' at a woman Who's the last thing on my mind   <i>[Chorus]</i>  When I close my eyes You're still in my arms And we never said goodbye|Country
bradpaisley|I've Been Better|Darlin' after you left I got that promotion They transferred me out to La Jolla right on the ocean And now I'm makin' more money than I can spend I've got a house on the beach and a bunch of new friends Oh, you oughta hear what they say Tellin' me that I've got it made But  <i>[Chorus]</i> I've been better Yeah, I miss those times when we were still together Right now lookin' back I don't think the past has ever been this clear And I realize sittin' here, as I write this letter Oh, I've been better   I've been seein' a girl that I met out in Spring Valley She's havin' the time of her life, least that's what she tells me She says it's love and to tell you the truth I've tried my best to feel that way too Oh, but I always realize When I look into her eyes That  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Oh, I've been better|Country
bradpaisley|We Danced|The bar was empty I was sweeping up the floor That's when she walked in I said, "I'm sorry but we're closed" And she said "I know, But I'm afraid I left my purse" I said, "I put one back behind the bar I bet it's probably yours" And the next thing that I knew  There we were, lost in conversation And before I handed her her purse I said, "You'll only get this back on one condition"   <i>[Chorus]</i> And we danced Out there on that empty hardwood floor The chairs up and the lights turned way down low The music played, we held each other close And we danced   And from that moment  There was never any doubt I had found the one That I had always dreamed about And then one evenin' When she stopped by after work I pulled a diamond ring out of the pocket of my shirt And as her eyes filled up with tears She said, "This is the last thing I expected" And then she took me by the hand And said, "I'll only marry you on one condition"   <i>[Chorus]</i>  Like no one else had ever danced before I can't explain what happened on that floor But the music played  We held each other close And we danced Yeah, we danced|Country
bradpaisley|Sleepin' on the Foldout|<i>[Chorus]</i> Sleepin' on the foldout thanks to me and my big mouth Why did I do what I did I should'a known better than to lie But it's too late and so tonight I'm Sleepin' on the foldout sofa-bed   She wanted me to go and see her family But I told her that I had to work I never dreamed she'd get home so dang early And she caught me cleanin' fish Out on our back porch And now I'm   <i>[Chorus]</i>  I can't believe they call this thing a mattress It's 2 a.m. and I'm wide awake Lookin' back I should'a just been honest Instead of tellin' her the whole staff  Spent the day out on the lake And now I'm   <i>[Chorus]</i>  Yeah, I'm sleepin' on the foldout sofa-bed|Country
bradpaisley|Cloud of Dust|West Texas forecast more of the same Sunny and mild no chance of rain That old John Deere tractor ain't moved in days Oh, but he's out there climbin' back on Because he's yet to admit that his crops are all gone   She stares out the window fightin' back tears And watches him wastin' his time in the fields They're havin' problems payin' the bills And she knows that it won't be long Before the bank finally places a lien on the farm   <i>[Chorus]</i> And the tractor keeps rollin' The dust rises high Creating the only cloud in the sky He's holdin' his ground But it's gettin' tough He's keepin' his faith In the Lord up above And prayin' for rain Through a cloud of dust   Yesterday somethin' in town caught his eye The old hardware store had a help wanted sign He thought about stoppin' but he drove on by 'Cause he just can't bear to let go After all it's the only life he's ever known   <i>[Chorus]</i>  Yeah, he's holdin' his ground But it's gettin' tough He's keepin' his faith In the Lord up above And prayin' for rain Through a cloud of dust   West Texas forecast more of the same Sunny and mild no chance of rain|Country
bradpaisley|In the Garden|I come to the garden alone While the dew is still on the roses And the voice I hear falling on my ear The son of God discloses   And He walks with me And He talks with me And He tells me I am His own And the joy we share as we tarry there None other has ever known  He speaks and the sound of His voice Is so sweet that the birds hush their singing And the melody that He gave to me Within my heart is ringing  And He walks with me And He talks with me And He tells me I am His own And the joy we share as we tarry there None other has ever known  And the joy we share as we tarry there None other has ever known|Country
bradpaisley|Southern Comfort Zone|When your wheelhouse is the land of cotton, The first time you leave it can be strange, it can be shocking  Not everybody drives a truck, not everybody drinks sweet tea Not everybody owns a gun, wears a ball cap boots and jeans Not everybody goes to church or watches every NASCAR race Not everybody knows the words to "Ring Of Fire" or "Amazing Grace"  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Oh, Dixie Land, I hope you understand When I miss my Tennessee Home And I've been away way too long I can't see this world unless I go Outside my Southern Comfort Zone  I have walked the streets of Rome, I have been to foreign lands I know what it's like to talk and have nobody understand I have seen the Eiffel Tower lit up on a Paris night I have kissed a West Coast girl underneath the Northern Lights I know what it's like to be the only one like me, To take a good hard look around and be a minority  And I Miss my Tennessee home I can see the ways that I grown I can't see this world unless I go Outside my Southern Comfort Zone  I miss your biscuits and your gravy Fireflies dancing in the night You have fed me, You have saved me Billy Graham and Martha White  I have since become a drifter And I just can't wait to pack Cause I know the route I leave on It will always bring me back  <i>[Solo]</i>  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I wish I was in Dixie Again I miss my Tennessee Home I've been away way too long I can't see this world unless I go Outside My Southern Comfort Zone  Look away, look away  I wish I was in Dixie, away, look away|Country
bradpaisley|Beat This Summer|Oh-oh-oh-oh oh-oh-oh-ho  Like the Ferris wheel goes around and around Well the trouble with up is there's always a down First I'm holding your hand and we're on the boardwalk There's heaven right here on these streets and these docks  But the sun keeps settin', the days go fast And the sand on the beach is like an hourglass I can just feel it all slipping away And babe I can already say that  As long I live, whatever I do As great as it is, you know what's a bummer I ain't ever gonna beat this summer with you Baby it's true The taste of your kiss is so bittersweet I ain't gonna beat, no way I'm gonna beat this summer with you  Before you know it it's all gonna stop They'll be rolling up windows and puttin' up tops Be a cold wind blowin' the leaves through the air And you won't find a tan line anywhere (anywhere)  Baby I know that it ain't over yet So let's make the most of what we have left But it's hard living for this moment we're in and Knowing it's all gonna end…  As long I live, whatever I do (Whatever I do) As great as it is, you know what's a bummer I ain't ever gonna beat this summer with you Baby it's true The taste of your kiss is so bittersweet I ain't gonna beat, no way I'm gonna beat this summer with you  Yeah looking at you, girl, standing there Got your wayfarers on and the sun in your hair And just like the song in a seashell, you'll be stuck in my mind Bouncing around in my head And baby I can tell  As long I live, whatever I do (Whatever I do) As great as it is, you know what's a bummer I ain't ever gonna beat this summer with you Baby it's true The taste of your kiss is so bittersweet I ain't gonna beat, no way I'm gonna beat this summer with you|Country
bradpaisley|Outstanding In Our Field|Well, Christina waits on tables at Clarabelle's Cafe Now she's waitin' on a bench for Johnny At the end of another hard day Hey, hey, he just got paid for washin' all them cars They ain't goin' to the movies and they ain't goin' to a bar They gonna pick up the keg and I'm gonna pick up the ice And we're gonna show you how the experts kill us a Friday night  We drive out in the country, set somethin' on fire We set an ice-cold beer on a tractor tire Underachievers, no different than the rest 'Til we're burnin' up the moonlight chillin' on a hot night That's what we do best We ain't nothin' special, we ain't no big deal But if you wanna throw a party in the middle of nowhere We're outstanding in our field  Well, everyone except for David who's passed out in the grass Somebody grab me a Sharpie, he's about to grow a mustache Sara's already dancin', turn up the radio Kenny's always got some moonshine if the keg starts runnin' low We're all pyromaniacs, this place's about to blow  We drive out in the country, set somethin' on fire Set a jar of that corn liquor on a tractor tire Underachievers, no different than the rest  'Til we're burnin' up the moonlight chillin' on a hot night That's what we do best Yeah, we ain't nothin' special, we ain't no big deal But if you wanna throw a party in the middle of nowhere We're outstanding in our field  We can take a hundred acre big ol' empty pasture like this old farm And turn it into the hottest weekend nightclub spot from here to Sunset Boulevard That's just who we are  No we ain't nothin' special, we ain't no big deal But if you wanna throw a party in the middle of nowhere We're outstanding in our field|Country
bradpaisley|Pressing On a Bruise|You were a pain girl, a thorn in my side Drove me insane girl, a white-knuckle ride So why do I go lookin' through old photographs And chase you down the hallways of our checkered past Hold on for dear life and keep the fire fed I oughta let go but instead  It's like I'm pressing on a bruise To see if it still hurts Right now that's all I've got left of you Everybody knows that just makes it worse But still I do  I could start a new life, I could move on I could do a drive by, and see if you're home Now there's a fine, fine line between a memory And something any shrink would call an injury But it's not over long as you're still hurtin' me And as I turn onto your street  It's like I'm pressing on a bruise To see if it still hurts Right now that's all I've got left of you Anybody knows that just makes it worse But still I do  Still I do, still I do, still love you  But she's the kind of girl puts your world on hold Walk the halls and you check your phone Gave up the ghost and the ghost keeps holdin' on And you run from the sun but you curse the rain Lost the love so you nurse the pain Goin' on and on, singin' that same song  But she's gone (I can't let it alone) And you get drunk on those glory days (I can't just let it heal) With a broken heart and a bitter taste (No, I can't just let it go) Well, you light it up as she burns you down (I can't just let it heal) You're smokin' those memories to the ground (Like I'm pressing on a bruise) Yeah, that's the thing about love and pain They may look alike but they're not the same (No, I can't just let it go) You've got to let it go go go (No, I can't just let it heal)|Country
bradpaisley|I Can't Change the World|A bomb goes off in a far off city A siren wails right here at home Well, sometimes life ain't all that pretty When you're watching it all alone  You build a wall around your feelings Just another heart afraid to break And you don't wanna let me in Cause, really, what difference can I make?  I can't change the world Baby, that's for sure But if you let me, girl I can change yours I bet I can change yours  So let Jesus look down on this madness And let the powers that be just fuss and fight Cause everyone needs to pick their battles and We all realize  I can't change the world Baby, that's for sure But if you let me, girl I can change yours I bet I can change yours  And every time you light a flame You just get burned and you feel like It's all in vain You feel like You need to learn that no one's gonna save you No, no one's gonna save you  But I'm standing here My heart's on my sleeve Never gonna let you down Never ever gonna leave you Baby, that's for sure  Whoa, I can't change the world But I can change yours I bet I can change yours|Country
bradpaisley|Karate|She doesn’t dare go in the place with those bruises on her face So she goes through the drive-thru and keeps her sunglasses on She didn’t know when she married that man She’d get to know him like the back of his hand But now she’s had enough, and the battle lines are drawn  He’s in a bar chasing Cuervo with Tecate He doesn’t know she’s been taking karate The way she figures it about July She’ll finally have the belt to match her eye  She’s on a mission as the months pass Five days a week and never misses a class And now she’s up to breakin’ boards and concrete blocks  He’s in a bar chasing Cuervo with Tecate He doesn’t know she’s been taking karate Now here it is just about July She’s gonna get that belt to match her eye  He stumbled through the door tonight And started treatin’ her rough Well, she took one look at him and her training kicked in And she’d finally had enough  He threw a punch, she spun around Grabbed his arm and put him on the ground Grabbed a cuttin’ board on his way down and she kicked it in half His knees hit the floor, his chin hit a chair Knocked out his tooth and it flew through the air Grabbed his head by the back of his hair and slammed him into the fridge She landed a left, a right and then a left She landed a roundhouse right in his chest and a scissor punch upside his head Broke his nose, swept a leg, he started to fall And on his way down, she took a bow, and the lights went out  He’s on the floor like he went a round with Rocky He didn’t know she’d been taking karate A hundred bucks says tomorrow night She’s got a brand new belt that’s gonna match his eye  He doesn’t dare go in the place with those bruises on his face So he goes through the drive-thru with his sunglasses on|Country
bradpaisley|Death of a Married Man|I had a heart attack (He had a heart attack) While I was playing charades Everybody yelled "Heart attack!" (Pledge of allegiance) But it was too late  Harvey Bodine Died, died at 11:09 And he left behind A miserable wife And at 11:14 His heart came back on the screen Thanks to that defib machine He came back to life  Oh but those five minutes were heaven A peace unlike he'd ever known And as he came back to the living He thought "Please God, don't make me go Back to life"  They told him what happened How that green line had flattened Oh, Harvey just started laughing He said, "You're telling me I died" (You're telling me I died?)  Aw, and he thought about that woman How she treated him for years All the yellin' and the screamin' And the nagging and the tears And the way it wasn't really all that bad When he lost his life  Because those five minutes were heaven A peace unlike he'd ever known And now he was back with the living And he found himself reaching for the phone  He called his lawyer, he called his priest Told 'em bout how they'd restarted his heart And how his wedding vows were technically 'Til death do us part  You'll probably judge me and so be it But you know boys, here's how I see it  Harvey Bodine Died, died at 11:09 And he left behind A miserable wife Oh, but at 11:14 My heart came back on that screen Thanks to that defib machine I've come back to life|Country
bradpaisley|Harvey Bodine|Harvey Bodine Died at 11:09 And he left behind A miserable wife. And at 11:14 His heart came back on the screen. Thanks to that defib machine, He came back to life.  Oh but those five minutes were heaven. A peace unlike he'd ever known. And as he came back to the living He thought "Please God, don't make me go Back to life."  They told him what happened. How that green line had flattened. Oh, Harvey just started laughing. He said, "You're telling me I died." (You're telling me I died?)  Oh, and he thought about that woman. How she treated him for years. All a-yellin' and a-screamin' And the nagging and the tears And the way it wasn't really all that bad When he lost his life.  Because those five minutes were heaven. A peace unlike he'd ever known. And now he was back with the living And he found himself reaching for the phone. He called his lawyer, he called his priest Told 'em bout how they restarted his heart How his wedding vows were technically 'Til death do us part.  You'll probably judge me Then so be it. But you know boys, here's how I see it  Harvey Bodine Died at 11:09 And he left behind A miserable wife. Oh, but at 11:14 My heart came back on that screen. Thanks to that defib machine, I've come back to life.|Country
bradpaisley|Tin Can On a String|After the breakup, I really thought we'd make up. Give her a little time, I'd be on her mind And suddenly she'd wake up. But today if you listen, Softly off in the distance, Somewhere 'cross town, you can hear the sound Of wedding bells ringing. And there's bird seed on the concrete, And she's waving goodbye  And they're driving away And everybody cheerin' them on as the taillights fade Yeah she's really gone, I thought someday that would be me But now she's driving away in that limousine And I'm holdin' on Like a tin can on a string.  Somewhere in my mind, I'm the one by her side. In that backseat, talkin' 'bout the beach And that honeymoon flight. I'd play the whole thing out, From the kids to the house, To the future that we always dreamed about. But there's bird seed on the concrete, And back here in reality  She's driving away And everybody cheerin' them on as the taillights fade Yeah she's really gone, I thought someday that would be me But now she's driving away in that limousine And I'm holdin' on Like a tin can on a string.  I thought someday that would be me But now she's driving away in that limousine And I'm not ready to let go of everything So I'm holdin' on, I'm holdin' on Like a tin can on a string.|Country
bradpaisley|Death of a Single Man|Remember when we got the news Confirming our worst fears I said he wouldn’t make it six months And others gave him a year  And sure enough last Saturday We paid our last respects He left us here still in this life And he’s gone on to the next  I’d never seen him wear a tie But he looked so natural, almost lifelike The preacher spoke, his mother cried When he said “Son, you may now kiss the bride”  Everyone cheered, I thought how odd I didn’t understand Why with champagne and cake we celebrate The death of a single man  So many flowers, he was so loved Prior to the bride As a matter of fact The maid of honor should be disqualified  To all his friends, it’s a wake-up call If it happened to him It can happen to us all Nothing says it’s over man Like a bad 80’s cover band How can we dance to My Sharona At the death of a single man  He was so young So full of dreams Before the day he fell Now he’s gone on to a better place Or possibly to hell  Now here we are, seems so unfair It’s poker night and there’s one empty chair So many things we’re gonna miss His happy smile and that great laugh of his  I think of him in the afterwife, life I guess all good things must end So with Jack and Coke, we’ll make a toast To the death of a single man|Country
bradpaisley|The Mona Lisa|Now there are men who make history There are men who change the world And there are men like me That simply find the right girl And in that very moment, it all becomes clear What I’m meant to do, the reason I’m here Now every night I thank the Lord I found you And every time I put my arms around you  I feel like the frame that gets to hold the Mona Lisa And I don’t care if that’s all I ever do  It never fails, we walk in a room Nobody sees me, they’re all lookin’ at you I disappear but that’s fine with me I feel the same way, you’re all I can see Now they’ve written books about da Vinci’s muse Now I know it wasn’t but it shoulda been you  'Cause I feel like the frame that gets to hold the Mona Lisa And I don’t care if that’s all I ever do  Why don’t we run off to Paris while we’re still young We could drink a little wine, have a little fun I could tell you I love you in a foreign tongue We could work on our French in more ways than one I could take your hand, we could walk in the Louvre I could show ‘em real beauty, let ‘em get a load of you  'Cause I feel like the frame that gets to hold the Mona Lisa And I don’t care if that’s all I ever do  I feel like the frame that gets to hold the Mona Lisa And I don’t care if that’s all I ever do|Country
bradpaisley|Accidental Racist|To the man that waited on me at the Starbucks down on Main, I hope you understand When I put on that t-shirt, the only thing I meant to say is I'm a Skynyrd fan The red flag on my chest somehow is like the elephant in the corner of the south And I just walked him right in the room Just a proud rebel son with an 'ol can of worms Lookin' like I got a lot to learn but from my point of view  I'm just a white man comin' to you from the southland Tryin' to understand what it's like not to be I'm proud of where I'm from but not everything we've done And it ain't like you and me can re-write history Our generation didn't start this nation We're still pickin' up the pieces, walkin' on eggshells, fightin' over yesterday And caught between southern pride and southern blame  They called it Reconstruction, fixed the buildings, dried some tears We're still siftin' through the rubble after a hundred-fifty years I try to put myself in your shoes and that's a good place to begin But it ain't like I can walk a mile in someone else's skin  'Cause I'm a white man livin' in the southland Just like you I'm more than what you see I'm proud of where I'm from but not everything we've done And it ain't like you and me can re-write history Our generation didn't start this nation And we're still paying for the mistakes That a bunch of folks made long before we came And caught somewhere between southern pride and southern blame  Dear Mr. White Man, I wish you understood What the world is really like when you're livin' in the hood Just because my pants are saggin' doesn't mean I'm up to no good You should try to get to know me, I really wish you would Now my chains are gold but I'm still misunderstood I wasn't there when Sherman's March turned the south into firewood I want you to get paid but be a slave I never could Feel like a new fangled Django, dodgin' invisible white hoods So when I see that white cowboy hat, I'm thinkin' it's not all good I guess we're both guilty of judgin' the cover not the book I'd love to buy you a beer, conversate and clear the air But I see that red flag and I think you wish I wasn't here  I'm just a white man (If you don't judge my do-rag) Comin' to you from the southland (I won't judge your red flag) Tryin' to understand what it's like not to be  I'm proud of where I'm from (If you don't judge my gold chains) But not everything we've done (I'll forget the iron chains) it ain't like you and me can re-write history (Can't re-write history baby)  Oh, Dixieland (The relationship between the Mason-Dixon needs some fixin') I hope you understand what this is all about (Quite frankly I'm a black Yankee but I've been thinkin' about this lately) I'm a son of the new south (The past is the past, you feel me) And I just want to make things right (Let bygones be bygones) Where all that's left is southern pride (R.I.P. Robert E. Lee but I've gotta thank Abraham Lincoln for freeing me, know what I mean) It's real, it's real It's truth|Country
bradpaisley|Runaway Train|Headlights on the ceiling as she pulls into the drive She never says she's coming and she never says goodbye She's gonna bring the sunshine and she's gonna bring the rain It's like I'm standin' at the station and I'm waitin' on a runaway train  When I was a young'un, my mama used to pray That I'd find me a Christian girl and settle down someday But the devil's at the front door and she's calling out my name It's like I'm standin' at the station and I'm waitin' on a runaway train  Runaway train comin' down the track Runaway train and don't come back  I know what she's doing and right now I don't care She could be Delilah here to cut off all my hair Woman's got a hold on me that I just can't explain It's like I'm standin' at the station and I'm waitin' on a runaway train  Runaway train comin' down the track Runaway train and don't come back  In the morning when I wake and find that woman gone I will swear this time that I am finally movin' on Deep down in my heart, I'll know nothings gonna change And I'll be standin' at the station and waitin' on a runaway train  Runaway train comin' down the track Runaway train and don't come back|Country
bradpaisley|Those Crazy Christians|Those crazy Christians, I was gonna sleep in today But the church bells woke me up and they’re a half a mile away Those crazy Christians, dressed up drivin’ down my street Get their weekly dose of guilt before they head to Applebee’s  They pray before they eat and they pray before they snore They pray before a football game and every time they score Every untimely passing, every dear departed soul Is just another good excuse to bake a casserole  Those crazy Christians, go and jump on some airplane And fly to Africa or Haiti, risk their lives in Jesus’ name No, they ain’t the late night party kind They curse the devil’s whiskey while they drink the Savior’s wine  A famous TV preacher has a big affair and then One tearful confession and he’s born again again Someone yells hallelujah and they shout and clap and sing It’s like they can’t wait to forgive someone for just about anything Those crazy Christians  Instead of being outside on this sunny afternoon They’re by the bedside of a stranger in a cold hospital room And every now and then they meet a poor lost soul like me Who’s not quite sure just who or what or how he ought to be They march him down the aisle and then the next thing that you know They dunk him in the water and here comes another one of those crazy Christians  They look to heaven their whole life And I think what if they’re wrong but what if they’re right You know it’s funny, much as I’m baffled by it all If I ever really needed help, well you know who I’d call Is those crazy Christians|Country
bradpaisley|Officially Alive|So you ruffled some feathers, yeah, you’ve done it now Turned the tables in the temple clean upside down You’re out on a ledge and one thing’s for sure When you’ve got ‘em all wishin’ you’d never been born  Congratulations, you are officially alive It’s confirmation you are officially alive  It’s not the double kick of an ultrasound Or a piece of paper on file downtown It takes more than a beat and a breath and a name It’s when you’re so in love and so in pain  Congratulations, you are officially alive Here’s affirmation, you are officially alive  Yeah, it’s a tragedy to go through history and simply just exist You’re gonna realize how quick it flies by and everything you missed And suddenly you’re standing there in scrubs Love has found new flesh and blood It’s a feeling you weren’t ready for When you’re lookin’ in eyes that look like yours  Congratulations, you are officially alive This is creation, you are officially alive You are officially alive|Country
bradpaisley|Yankee Doodle Dixie|Yankee Doodle came to town Ridin' on a pony  In Dixieland where I was born Early on one frosty morn Look away, look away, look away|Country
bradpaisley|Facebook Friends|She was looking at shoes on Amazon A pop-up ad said, "Find anyone" She thought about the first boy that she loved Just a couple clicks and there he was  That night she sent a friend request The next day she sat down at her desk And four simple words “Hey, how you been?” And she felt 17 again  And that's the thing about Facebook friends It doesn't matter how long it's been Someone you never thought you'd ever see again And suddenly you're Facebook friends  They started out just catching up That led to meeting him for lunch For long they're meeting in some bar For long they're kissing in some car  And that's the thing about Facebook friends It doesn't matter how long it's been Someone you never thought you'd ever see again And suddenly you're Facebook friends  Oh if there was anybody else She'd be sittin' in judgement Thinking they should be ashamed of themselves For God's sakes you've got a husband and a minivan And this was not part of a plan  She fantasized they'd start a new life He'd finally up and leave his wife But one day she turned her laptop on And his whole profile page was gone  And that's the thing about Facebook friends|Country
bradpaisley|Get Even|After how he treated you he cheated you and lied I guess you could go curl up into a ball and cry Or you could turn a heartache into sweet revenge at last Cause two can cheat at this game baby, pay backs a blast  Get even with him, with me You been done wrong for so long but now you're free Don't get angry, don't get filled with jealousy Get even with him, with me  If I know that jackass well there's one thing he can't stand He wasn't faithful in the least but, find another man He's going to go crazy thinking about how much he lost Your lips, your kiss, your touch, come on Let's really piss him off!  Get even with him, with me You been done wrong for so long but now you're free Don't get angry don't get filled with jealousy Get even with him, with me  Get even with him, with me You been done wrong, for so long now you're free Don't get angry don't get filled with jealousy Get even with him, with me|Country
bradpaisley|Southern Comfort Zone|When your wheelhouse is the land of cotton, The first time you leave it can be strange, it can be shocking  Not everybody drives a truck, not everybody drinks sweet tea Not everybody owns a gun, wears a ball cap boots and jeans Not everybody goes to church or watches every NASCAR race Not everybody knows the words to "Ring Of Fire" or "Amazing Grace"  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Oh, Dixie Land, I hope you understand When I miss my Tennessee Home And I've been away way too long I can't see this world unless I go Outside my Southern Comfort Zone  I have walked the streets of Rome, I have been to foreign lands I know what it's like to talk and have nobody understand I have seen the Eiffel Tower lit up on a Paris night I have kissed a West Coast girl underneath the Northern Lights I know what it's like to be the only one like me, To take a good hard look around and be a minority  And I Miss my Tennessee home I can see the ways that I grown I can't see this world unless I go Outside my Southern Comfort Zone  I miss your biscuits and your gravy Fireflies dancing in the night You have fed me, You have saved me Billy Graham and Martha White  I have since become a drifter And I just can't wait to pack Cause I know the route I leave on It will always bring me back  <i>[Solo]</i>  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I wish I was in Dixie Again I miss my Tennessee Home I've been away way too long I can't see this world unless I go Outside My Southern Comfort Zone  Look away, look away  I wish I was in Dixie, away, look away|Country
bradpaisley|When I Get Where I'm Going|When I get where I'm going On the far side of the sky The first thing that I'm gonna do Is spread my wings and fly  I'm gonna land beside a lion And run my fingers through his mane Or I might find out what it's like To ride a drop of rain  <i>[Chorus]</i> Yeah when I get where I'm going There'll be only happy tears I will shed the sins and struggles I have carried all these years And I'll leave my heart wide open I will love and have no fear Yeah when I get where I'm going Don't cry for me down here  I'm gonna walk with my grand daddy And he'll match me step for step And I'll tell him how I missed him Every minute since he left Then I'll hug his neck  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  So much pain and so much darkness In this world we stumble through All these questions I can't answer So much work to do  But when I get where I'm going And I see my maker's face I'll stand forever in the light  Of his amazing grace Yeah when I get where I'm going There'll be only happy tears Hallelujah I will love and have no fear When I get where I'm going Yeah when I get where I'm going|Country
bradpaisley|Then|I remember trying not to stare The night that I first met you You had me mesmerized And three weeks later In the front porch light Taking 45 minutes to kiss goodnight I hadn't told you yet But I thought I loved you then  And now you're my whole life Now you're my whole world I just can't believe The way I feel about you girl Like a river meets the sea Stronger than it's ever been We've come so far since that day And I thought I loved you then  I remember taking you back To right where I first met you You were so surprised There were people around But I didn't care I got down on one knee right there And once again I thought I loved you then  But now you're my whole life Now you're my whole world I just can't believe The way I feel about you girl Like a river meets the sea Stronger than it's ever been We've come so far since that day And I thought I loved you then  I can just see you With a baby on the way I can just see you When your hair is turning grey What I can't see Is how I'm ever gonna love you more But I've said that before  And now you're my whole life Now you're my whole world I just can't believe The way I feel about you girl We'll look back someday At this moment that we're in And I'll look at you and say And I thought I loved you then  And I thought I loved you then|Country
bradpaisley|Whiskey Lullaby|<i>[Brad Paisley:]</i> She put him out, like the burnin' end of a midnight cigarette She broke his heart, he spent his whole life tryin' to forget We watched him drink his pain away a little at a time But he never could get drunk enough to get her off his mind Until the night  <i>[Brad Paisley and Alison Krauss:]</i> He put that bottle to his head and pulled the trigger And finally drank away her memory Life is short, but this time it was bigger Than the strength he had to get up off his knees We found him with his face down in the pillow With a note that said, "I'll love her 'til I die" And when we buried him beneath the willow The angels sang a whiskey lullaby  La, la, la, la, la, la, la La, la, la, la, la, la, la  <i>[Alison Krauss:]</i> The rumors flew, but nobody knew how much she blamed herself For years and years she tried to hide the whiskey on her breath She finally drank her pain away a little at a time But she never could get drunk enough to get him off her mind Until the night  <i>[Brad Paisley and Alison Krauss:]</i> She put that bottle to her head and pulled the trigger And finally drank away his memory Life is short, but this time it was bigger Than the strength she had to get up off her knees We found her with her face down in the pillow Clinging to his picture for dear life We laid her next to him beneath the willow While the angels sang a whiskey lullaby  La, la, la, la, la, la, la La, la, la, la, la, la, la|Country
bradpaisley|Online|I work down at the pizza pit And I drive an old Hyundai I still live with my mom and dad I'm 5'3 and overweight  I'm a Sci-Fi fanatic Mild asthmatic Never been to 2nd base But there's a whole another me That you need to see Go check out MySpace  'Cause online I'm out in Hollywood I'm 6'5 and I look damn good I drive a Maserati I'm a black belt in Karate And I love a good glass of wine  It turns girls on that I'm mysterious I tell 'em I don't want nothing serious 'Cause even on a slow day I can have a three way Chat with two women at one time  I'm so much cooler online So much cooler online  I get home, I kiss my mom And she fixes me a snack I head down to my basement bedroom And fire up my Mac  In real life the only time I Ever even been to L.A. Was when I got the chance with the marching band To play tuba in the Rose Parade.  Online I live in Malibu I posed for Calvin Klein, I've been in GQ I'm single and I'm rich And I got a set of six pack abs that'll blow your mind  It turns girls on that I'm mysterious I tell 'em I don't want nothing serious 'Cause even on a slow day I can have a three way Chat with two women at one time  I'm so much cooler online Yeah I'm cooler online  When you got my kinda stats, it's hard to get a date Let alone a real girlfriend But I grow another foot And I lose a bunch of weight every time I log in  Online I'm out in Hollywood I'm 6'5 and I look damn good Even on a slow day, I can have a three way Chat with two women at one time  I'm so much cooler online Yeah I'm cooler online I'm so much cooler online Yeah I'm cooler online|Country
bradpaisley|River Bank|Well, I won 2 dollars on a scratch-off ticket So I went back to the counter and I bought 2 more with it And I won 10 bucks and that was just right So, I bought a six pack and a bag of ice  You know even if our ship came in and this is all we got It ain’t like we really need a million dollar yacht, 'cause  <i>[Chorus:]</i> We got an inner tube We got a trailer hitch We’re near the river and far from rich But we have got each other and gas in the tank We’re laughing all the way to the river bank  Still, can you imagine if we ever struck it I’d go shoot tequila, take a lime and suck it And we’d tell our bosses they can do the same We’ll find a big cruise ship and buy the whole dang thing  We’d sail around the world and go to shore in a dingy But till that dream comes true why don’t you grab your bikini 'cause  <i>[Chorus]</i>  However it goes (whatever happens), We’ve got it made (in these shades) 'Cause baby we can float (behind this boat) We can ride away  <i>[Chorus:]</i> We got an inner tube We got a trailer hitch We’re near the river and far from rich But we have got each other and gas in the tank And it's a beautiful day. We’re laughing all the way To the river bank|Country
bradpaisley|Crushin' It|I sure could use an “Atta boy” or a big ol' high five I'd love to hear “You're killin' it dude”, it's been a long time Since I hit one out of the park or nailed it as they say I guess I've been in a dry spell but that's about to change ‘cause  Every week has a weekend By this time Friday night I'll be done with my third can of cold Bud Light And I'll be crushin' it Yeah, I'll be crushin' it  Let's say your baby's mad ‘cause you told her that you'd hang some pictures for her You know the ones she framed from late last spring of you and her in Florida You're up on the ladder when it shatters into smithereens She shakes her head and looks at you and says “Ain't you good for anything?” And you say  Every week has a weekend By this time Friday night If you want a margarita I'll get tequila and ice And I'll be crushin' it With a cold one in my other hand And I'll be crushin' it  When I'm finished with my can I can stomp it with my boot Punch it with my fist Smash it on my forehead Yeah, I got this I'll be crushin' it Oh, I'll be crushin' it  I figured this out in college walking past them Gothic columns That I was gonna probably wind up somewhere near the bottom I was never gonna be the best or brightest guy around But like the great George freaking Strait, I'm the king of gettin' unwound  And every week has a weekend By this time Friday night I'll be done with my third can of cold Bud Light And I'll be crushin' it Every week has a weekend Yeah, I'll be crushin' it By this time Friday night Oh, I'll be crushin' it I'll be done with my third can Oh, I'll be crushin' it Of cold Bud Light And I'll be crushin' it I'll be crushin' it|Country
bradpaisley|Perfect Storm|If she was a drink, she'd be single barrel bourbon on ice Smooth with a kick, a chill and a burn all at the same time She's Sunday drive meets high-speed chase She ain't just a song, she's the whole mixtape She's so complicated that's the way God made her Sunshine mixed with a little hurricane  <i>[Chorus:]</i> And she destroys me in that t-shirt And I love her so much it hurts I never meant to fall like this But she don't just rain, she pours That girl right there's the perfect storm  I know how to make her laugh or blush or mad at me But that's OK, there ain't no one more beautiful angry And she loves just as deep as she goes when she's down The highs match the lows, can't have one without the other And I love her just the way God made her Sunshine mixed with a little hurricane  <i>[Chorus:]</i> And she destroys me in that t-shirt And I love her so much it hurts I never meant to fall like this But she don't just rain, she pours That girl right there's the perfect storm  She's the thrill of a lifetime a guy like me spends his whole life looking for That girl right there's the perfect storm  Woah-oh-oh Woah-oh-oh  (She destroys me in that t-shirt)|Country
bradpaisley|High Life|I can still remember when Grandpa died and our ship came in Daddy said he left Mama and him More money than we'd ever seen Just like that, we were thousandaires Had a brand new boat and a Frigidaire And all us kids in our underwear Were jumpin' on a trampoline  A bunch of lowlifes livin' the high life Money burnin' a hole right Through the pockets of our holey jeans Grandpa's with the Lord now But we got a new Ford now And we can watch the Big Orange now On a 57 inch TV, that's right  The money was gone by mid-July We went back to just gettin' by ‘Til Mama slipped on a patch of ice Outside of Chick-fil-A Now we knew they was a Christian bunch So we didn't ask for all that much Settled out of court for ten thousand bucks And free chicken ‘til our dyin' day  A bunch of lowlifes livin' the high life Money burnin' a hole right Through the pockets of our holey jeans Mama's got a limp now But we all get to swim now ‘Cause we got an aboveground Sittin' out by the trampoline  We rocked, we rolled, we lived it up ‘Til it started runnin' thin We began lookin' for a way to spin that wheel again  I heard a song a couple months ago It was Carrie Underwood on the radio Reminded me of a poem my brother wrote Back in second grade I know she didn't steal it but so what We lawyered up and we sued her butt These days we figured we'd pretty much Get paid to go away  A bunch of lowlifes livin' the high life Money burnin' a hole right Through the pockets of our holey jeans The song's at number one now Gonna get a hot tub now Sittin' next to the aboveground Which is next to the trampoline  It's gonna run out someday That ain't gonna be a fun day But as long as it ain't a Sunday We can go to Chick-fil-A and eat  <i>[Spoken:]</i> Man I love those Waffle fries (I know) That Chick-Fil-A has got some good waffle fries (I'd say, that's right) Maybe I'll get a diet Coke, I don't know (I wish they had beer, it'd be perfect) I like the little trays that the food comes on (I like the Polynesian sauce)|Country
bradpaisley|Moonshine in the Trunk|Got a '69 Camaro with a Ram Jet 502 I could win the pole at Bristol, baby But I'm ridin' ‘round with you Bored as hell we might as well Burn this tank of gas ‘Cause if we're goin' nowhere, girl Let's go nowhere fast  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Like there's moonshine in the trunk And blue lights on our tail Like if we get caught they're gonna haul us off to jail Like we're helpin' out Uncle Jesse Makin' a midnight run Let's drive tonight like this whole county's dry And there's moonshine in the trunk  Well they say that's how the Duke boys And NASCAR started out They were haulin' bootleg liquor And look where they are now Chances are I gotta Mason jar Rollin' ‘round in the back That white lightnin's long gone But it shouldn't be hard to act  Like there's moonshine in the trunk And blue lights on our tail Like if we get caught they're gonna haul us off to jail Like we're helpin' out Uncle Jesse Makin' a midnight run Let's drive tonight like this whole county's dry And there's moonshine in the trunk  Whoa, oh, oh Let's pretend we're runnin' from the law Whoa, oh, oh Like we're the Bonnie and Clyde of alcohol  Like there's moonshine in the trunk And blue lights on our tail Like if we get caught they're gonna haul us off to jail Like we're helpin' out Uncle Jesse Makin' a midnight run Let's drive tonight like this whole county's dry And there's moonshine in the trunk|Country
bradpaisley|Shattered Glass|I can picture you the day you were born Baby girl in your mama's arms Destined for great things Crazy thing about an angel like you All the things you know how to do and yet The world tries to clip your wings But you wouldn't let 'em So, baby, go get 'em  Bust that ceiling out The sky's the limit now The world is changing fast Rear your head back and roar Like you ain't ever done before It's your time at last All you've been through ain't in vain Come on, baby, make it rain down shattered glass  It's kinda fun for a guy like me Sitting here in your shotgun seat Watching you leave 'em all in the dust Because I believe in you And I wanna see your dreams come true  So bust that ceiling out The sky's the limit now Time to make up for the past Rear your head back and roar Like you ain't ever done before I wanna see you kick some ass I'm so proud to know you, girl The most beautiful thing in the world Is all this shattered glass  No time to waste, gotta make this moment yours Got a whole lot of history to make up for  So bust that ceiling out The sky's the limit now The world is changing fast All you've been through ain't in vain Come on, baby, make it rain down shattered glass|Country
bradpaisley|Limes|Ain't gotta have everything in your life Going exactly right to party Maybe the opposite, things are a mess And that's the best time to burn it down You look around here and you see all these people You think their lives are perfect, huh, hardly Now I don't have all the answers but I'll tell you The one thing I've found  <i>[Chorus:]</i> You take it all with a grain of salt And realize sometimes it ain't your fault You got something you don't want to remember That's when you need to just throw it in a blender And have a good time Now add tequila When life gives you limes You make margaritas  Now I don't know if you're the type That sees the glass that's half full or half empty But I've got an idea how 'bout I never let you get that low Whatever is done is done, the night is young Let's have some fun, are you with me And try to forget the sh*t that hit the fan The only way that I know  You take it all with a grain of salt And realize sometimes it ain't your fault You got something you don't want to remember That's when you need to just throw it in a blender And have a good time Now add tequila When life gives you limes You make margaritas  Have a good time Now add tequila You're gonna be You're gonna be just fine When life gives you limes You make margaritas|Country
bradpaisley|You Shouldn't Have To|You've got this confidence Yeah it was obvious The way you walked in here You look sensational And totally capable Of buying your own beer But you shouldn't have to You shouldn't have to  I hate to think about Everything you've done without Or how it's been before You've ever walked home alone Or sat and waited by the phone Or opened your own door You shouldn't have to You shouldn't have to  Do you ever wonder when your dreams will come true? A girl like you can do anything But anything you don't wanna do You shouldn't have to Girl, you shouldn't have to  Hear me now, that's what I'm saying And another thing, tell me now  Ever longed for a back rub All alone in your bathtub? Need your glass of wine topped off But you'd have to get out and dry off, aw You shouldn't have to You shouldn't have to  Do you ever wonder when your dreams will come true? A girl like you can do anything But anything you don't wanna do  Like wash your own car or bait your own hook Get all made up, wonder how you look Make your own breakfast, make the first move Feel like you ain't being listened to Kill your own spiders, change your flat tire Stoke your own fire, mow your own grass Pump your own gas, ever feel pain Wish you had a ring on your hand, feel like anything less Than the best lookin' thing this town's ever seen Have a dress you'd love to wear but you gotta wait Cause there ain't nobody there to help you zip the thing You shouldn't have to You shouldn't have to|Country
bradpaisley|4WP|I been waiting all week for Saturday night Now I'm picking my baby up She's pretty as a peach And sweeter than a cheek Full of cherry Skoal long cut  Ooh ooh, man alive, can't wait 'til it gets dark We're gonna take this 4 wheel drive and put it into 4 wheel park  I'm pulling in her drive, she's waiting outside Just standing on her front porch Good Lord she's taken them tight blue jeans And cut 'em off into jorts  Ooh ooh, man alive, be still my beating heart I'm about to take this 4 wheel drive and slam it into 4 wheel park  There's a holler I know down an old dirt road Where we can be all alone Gonna back it on in, turn the headlights off And see if I can turn her on  Now the mood's just right in the dashboard light We're steaming up my windows While her favorite singer's singing her favorite song on the radio Let's get a little mud on the tires  I got the defrost on and the steam's about gone And we're heading down highway 10 Lord have mercy, she's a getting all flirty And kissing my neck again  Ooh ooh, man alive, she's about to hit restart I'm about to put this 4 wheel drive right back into 4 wheel park I'm about to take this 4 wheel drive and slam it into 4 wheel park|Country
bradpaisley|Cover Girl|Page three of the County Tribune There's a story about the fair and a picture of you In black and white, blue ribbon, best in show Already know what happens now The editor of Vogue rolls through town Sees that picture, tracks you down And the next thing you know  They're gonna put you on the cover, girl And you outshine them other girls And everybody will discover, girl What I already know There ain't another girl Anywhere in the whole world As pretty as you The only trouble, girl Is that you'd have to go And blow your cover, girl  Before long, the secret's out And there's paparazzi outside your house And peace and quiet and going out That's a thing of the past Red carpet, you're lookin' hot And I think I am too but I guess I'm not 'Cause it's “Hey hillbilly, get outta the shot” As the cameras flash  As they put you on the cover, girl And you outshine them other girls And everybody will discover, girl What I already know Nah, there ain't another girl Anywhere in the whole world As pretty as you The only trouble girl Is that you'd have to go And blow your cover, girl  They're gonna put you on the cover, girl And them other girls Will discover, girl What I already, I already know There ain't another girl Anywhere in the whole world As pretty as you The only trouble, girl Is that you'd have to go And blow your cover, girl|Country
bradpaisley|Gone Green|Well he traded in his dumb old Ford For a new smart car with an extension cord Now he's saving gas and got a cheaper note But he's got no way to haul his boat  It's the little things we take for granted When we sacrifice to save the planet The darndest thing I've ever seen That old redneck has done gone green  Down the road, old man McGower You know he runs his house on the solar power Now his lights are bright and the music plays Sort of dark and quiet on the cloudy days  It's the little things we take for granted When we sacrifice to save the planet The darndest thing you've ever seen This old redneck has done gone green  The life we knew is coming to a halt Sad but true, and it's our own fault We put our own crimson necks right in the noose We got strung out on that black dinosaur juice  Not long ago someone told me To quit using paper, stop killing trees She said soon there won't be no more books I swear to God on a stack of nooks  It's the little things we take for granted When we sacrifice to save the planet The darndest thing I've ever seen My redneck world has done gone green The whole dang place has done gone green|Country
bradpaisley|American Flag on the Moon|How do we honor Those who have fallen And died for this dream I'm sure of one thing It's not with gridlock Or bickering  We're the children of explorers We came here from every corner The adventurers that settled this land Lead the world, fought tyranny Touched the stars, brought liberty Let's do that again  Tonight I dare you to dream Go on believe impossible things Whenever anybody says There's anything we can't do I mean after all There's an American flag on the moon  Outside the other night You should've seen the moonlight It was enough to make you squint your eyes So my five year old had learned about The lunar landing and he walked out And started staring at the sky  Stood there for a while Got a great big smile and said "Dad I think I can see it, can you I bowed my head Closed my eyes and said Yeah, son, I think I do"  Tonight I dare you to dream Go on believe impossible things Whenever anybody says There's anything we can't do 'Cause after all There's an American flag on the moon  Oh, in two hundred years Think about all we've done so far I don't see any reason why tomorrow can't be ours  Tonight I dare you to dream Go on believe impossible things Whenever anybody says There's anything we can't do 'Cause after all, after all There's an American flag on the moon (On the moon)|Country
artist|song_name|lyrics|genre
keithurban|Long Hot Summer|I can’t sleep Ain’t no sleep a’coming I’m just lying here thinking ‘bout you I’m in deep Falling deep into the picture in my mind of everything we’re gonna do  Over at the lake and down by the river You can feel it start to rise Wanna jump in my car, go wherever you are  ‘Cause I need you by my side  It’s gonna be a long, hot summer, we should be together With your feet up on the dashboard now Singing along with the radio, it’s such a beautiful sound And when you say my name in the middle of the day, I swear I see the stars come out When you hold my hand in the back of my mind, just waiting on the sun to go down, the sun to go down  I wanna see your brown skin shimmer in the sun for the first time I try to be the one who knows just what to do to you to get me that smile One chance of meeting, you were walking by me on the street and I said hi And that was the beginning of my heart spinnin’ like these wheels in my head tonight  It’s gonna be a long, hot summer, we should be together With your feet up on the dashboard now Singing along with the radio, it’s such a beautiful sound And when you say my name in the middle of the day, I swear I see the stars come out When you hold my hand in the back of my mind, just waiting on the sun to go down, the sun to go down  The only place that I wanna be is where you are ‘Cause anymore than a heartbeat away is just too far  It’s gonna be a long, hot summer, we should be together All I really want is more than this moment right now And when you say my name in the middle of the day, I swear I see the stars come out And when you hold my hand and I look into your eyes I swear it looks like you’re waiting for the sun to go down, the sun to go down  I swear it’s like you’re waiting for the sun to go down Waiting on the sun to go down Hey, yeah Oh, I’m loving thinking ‘bout you I cant sleep, I’m just lying here thinkin’ ‘bout you|Country
keithurban|Sweet Thing|When I picked you up for our first date baby Well, your pretty blue eyes, they were drivin' me crazy And the tiny little thought that was so amazing Is they were lookin at me.  I held open the car door for you then you climbed Inside and slid on over To the other side.. I thought my, oh my..  Sweet thing The moon is high and the night is young Come on and meet me In the backyard under the cottonwood tree It's a good thing and I'm wishin C'mon sweet thing Won't you climb on out of your window While the world is sleepin Cause you know I need you And there's no way I'll be leavin Til we're kissing on the porch swing Oh my little sweet thing  Yeah I know I'm gonna see you first thing tomorrow But I just couldn't wait so I had to borrow Uncle jake's mustang, its his favorite car And so I can't stay long..  Standin here feeling like a love struck romeo All I wanna do is hold you close and steal a little More time, is that such a crime?  Sweet thing The moon is high and the night is young Come on and meet me In the backyard under the cottonwood tree It's a good thing and I'm wishin C'mon sweet thing Won't you climb on out of your window While the world is sleepin Cause you know I need you And there's no way I'll be leavin Til we're kissing on the porch swing Oh my little sweet thing  Sweet thing, sweet thing..  Oh my sweet thing The moon is high and the night is young Come on and meet me In the backyard under the cottonwood tree It's a good thing and tell me I'm not dreamin C'mon sweet thing Won't you climb on out of your window While the world is sleepin Cause you know I need you And there's no way I'll be leavin Til we're kissing on the porch swing Oh my little sweet thing  Oh cmon sweet thing, sweet thing, sweet thing..  Yeah, cmon now a little now.. Do do do do doo do do do do do do Oh my little sweet thing, yes you are Do do do do doo do do do do do do|Country
keithurban|Somewhere In My Car|I'm driving home tonight, catching all red lights That's alright 'cause I don't want to be alone There's nobody waitin there, cold and empty bed Words I wished I'd said come on the radio  Ooh, ooh, ooh, and I don't know why I do this to myself Ooh, ooh, ooh, I know you're with someone else  But in my mind we're somewhere in my car And it's raining hard on the streetlight glow You got your lips on mine, it's gasoline on fire I never will forget, you grabbed my shirt and pulled it over my head Fingertips slide up and down my back Breathin' hard, steamin' up the glass I'd give anything if I could bring you back ho o o o home  So, I've been sleeping 'til noon in the same bedroom Where I once held you and it's breaking my heart I should take down all those pictures from my wall Promises we made won't fill this empty space  Ooh, ooh, ooh, and I don't know why I just can't let you go o o o Ooh, ooh, ooh, I know you're never coming back  But in my mind we're somewhere in my car And it's raining hard on the streetlight glow You got your lips on mine, it's gasoline on fire I never will forget, you grabbed my shirt and pulled it over my head Fingertips slide up and down my back Breathin' hard, steamin' up the glass I'd give anything if I could bring you back ho o o o home If I could bring you back!  But in my mind we're somewhere in my car And it's raining hard on the streetlight glow You got your lips on mine, it's gasoline on fire I never will forget, you grabbed my shirt and pulled it over my head And your fingertips slide up and down my back Breathin' hard, steamin' up the glass I'd give anything if I could bring you back ho o o o home  <i>[Fade out:]</i> Mmmm If I could bring you back Mmmm Just close my eyes...|Country
keithurban|Cop Car|We drove right past That no trespassing sign  We sat on the tailgate And watched the planes take off  We thought we had all night There was no need to rush That's when those cops Came pulling up And I thought Man, ain't this some shhhh  <i>[Bridge:]</i> Your daddy's gonna kill me But if I survive tonight I wouldn't change one thing Baby, yeah I know it sounds crazy  <i>[Chorus:]</i> But there was somethin' 'bout the way The blue lights were shinin' Bringing out the freedom in your eyes I was too busy watching you Going wild child To be worried about going to jail You were thinking that Running for it Would make a good story I was thinking you were crazy as hell And you were so Innocent But you were stealing my heart I fell in love in the back of a cop car  Man, they weren't playin' They sure threw those cuffs on quick You tried to sweet talk 'em They didn't fall for it But I did You were on the left I was on the right I knew you didn't smoke When you asked him for a light And I laughed He got mad and slammed the door  <i>[Bridge]</i>  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Side by side And locked in tight They were taking their time But we didn't mind  We talked And we laughed We sat real close By the time they let us go  I was already gone  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
keithurban|Wasted Time|The rain is coming down tonight I'm smiling looking at this photograph I hear that song and I'm flying right back to when we had it made Every Friday night when the sun went down We'd be running them streets like we owned the town  And I just can't let it go, no, I just can't let it go I wonder if you ever think about it like I do Seven kids on a two lane road Had "The Guns" on the radio After all this time it still feels so good  When I think about those summer nights Singing out the window, on the back roads, "Sweet Child O' Mine" Sipping on the locos spark of light Ain't it funny how the best days of my life Was all that wasted time, all that wasted time?  Out of nowhere it slipped away And the rope by the river hangs silently And the town that we knew ain't nothing like it used to be Ah, I can't explain They took all the colour from the picture frame And the days got sold to the grid and the game  But I just can't let it go, no, I just can't let it go I wonder if you ever think about it like I do Seven kids on a two lane road We had "The Guns" on the radio After all this time it still feels so good  When I think about those summer nights Singing out the window, on the back roads, "Sweet Child O' Mine" Sipping on the locos spark of light Ain't it funny how the best days of my life Was all that wasted time, all that wasted time? Swinging on the line Living all that wasted time  Hey, hey, now Summer dresses drying out on the hood of the car Only music that we had was out the left speaker We were living every second 'til the time ran out We had nothing but we had it all  When I think about those summer nights Sneaking out the window, running back roads, your hand in mine We were going nowhere, we were so alive Uh huh, ain't it crazy how the best days of my life Was all that wasted time, all that wasted time? We were swinging out on the line Living all that wasted time  Hey, you know oh All that wasted time Don't you feel it coming on back now? Time, time, time|Country
keithurban|Blue Ain't Your Color|I can see you over there Staring at your drink Watchin' that ice sink All alone tonight  And chances are You're sittin' here in this bar 'Cause he ain't gonna treat you right Well, it's probably not my place But I'm gonna say it anyway 'Cause you look like You haven't felt the fire Had a little fun Hadn't had a smile in a little while Baby  Blue looks good on the sky Looks good on that neon buzzin' on the wall But, darling, it don't match your eyes I'm tellin' you You don't need that guy It's so black and white He's stealin' your thunder Baby, blue ain't your color  I'm not tryna Be another just Pick you up Kinda guy Tryna drink you up Tryna take you home But I just don't understand How another man Can take your sun And turn it ice cold  Well, I've had enough to drink And it's makin' Me think that I just might Tell you if I were a painter I wouldn't change ya I'd just paint you bright Baby  'Cause blue looks good on the sky Looks good on that neon buzzin' on the wall But, darling, it don't match your eyes I'm tellin' you You don't need that guy It's so black and white He's stealin' your thunder Baby, blue ain't your color, no,no no Mmm. It ain't your color, baby  Mmm, baby.  Blue looks good on the sky Looks good on that neon buzzin' on the wall But, darling, it don't match your eyes I'm tellin' you You don't need that guy It's so black and white He's stealin' your thunder Baby, blue ain't your color Blue ain't your color  Mmm. No, no, baby Come here, baby Lemme light up your world|Country
mirandalambert|All Kinds of Kinds|Ilsa was an acrobat who went and fell in love with that Horatio the human cannonball A weddin' 'neath the big top tent with barkers clowns and elephants Sideshow family oddities and all The dog-faced boy howled out with joy As the tattooed lady was crying Ever since the beginning to keep the world spinning It takes all kinds of kinds  Thomas was a congressman with closets full of skeletons And dresses that he wore on Friday nights Phyllis was a pharmacist, a dab of that, a pinch of this Concocted to suppress her appetite When the children were fiddlin' she'd slip 'em some Ritalin And wait for Thomasina to arrive Cause ever since the beginning to keep the world spinning It takes all kinds of kinds All kinds of kinds  When I play this old guitar from children's shows to smoky bars I take a break and think about the past When I stood up in geometry and everybody stared at me And I tossed my test into the trash I scratched off my number while hitching out under That bush league population sign Ever since the beginning to keep the world spinning It takes all kinds of kinds  Now some point a finger and let ignorance linger If they'd look in the mirror they'd find That ever since the beginning to keep the world spinning It takes all kinds of kinds All kinds of kinds All kinds of kinds|Country
mirandalambert|Fine Tune|I've been missing all the vital signs That I needed for love to work Engine of a heart that would not start had to jump it so much, it hurt Everytime I looked under the hood  It was always a mystery You pulled up in a rescue truck and Showed up with a master key And revved it up for me  <i>[Chorus]</i> My Pulse was nearly gone  I was almost in need of a defibrilator I didn't know what went wrong I had to shake it off but i got stuck Oh my God, you turned all my loose strings You're the love innovator that brings  All the right tools, you know what to do Fine tune Fine tune  You started tweaking on a little knob That I didn't even know was there Kissing on my wrist all the way to my neck Running your fingers through my hair I felt like I was dizzy and I didn't think I could drive You flipped a switch, hotwired my gears Yeah you put me in line And now I'm running right  <i>[Chorus]</i> My Pulse was nearly gone  I was almost in need of a defibrilator I didn't know what went wrong I had to shake it off but i got stuck Oh my God, you turned all my loose strings You're the love innovator that brings  All the right tools, you know what to do Fine tune Fine tune  <i>[Chorus]</i> My Pulse was nearly gone  I was almost in need of a defibrilator I didn't know what went wrong I had to shake it off but i got stuck Oh my God, you turned all my loose strings You're the love innovator that brings  All the right tools, you know what to do Fine tune Fine tune|Country
mirandalambert|Fastest Girl in Town|You’ve got the bullets I’ve got the gun. I’ve got a hankering for getting into something  I hit the bottle, you hit the gas, I heard your 65 can really haul some ass.  I’m feeling frisky, you're feeling good I guess the whiskey is doing what it should I got the cigarettes You’ve got a lighter And when the sun goes down we’ll start a little fire  Ain’t no use in trying to slow me down ‘Cause you’re running with the fastest girl in town  Ain’t you baby? I like ‘em crazy.  My reputation follows me around Just makes me want to give them more to talk about Let’s go to town for a little while I’ll be wearing nothing but a tattoo and a smile  Ain’t no use in trying to slow me down ‘Cause you’re running with the fastest girl in town  Ain’t you baby? You’re kinda crazy.  Come on!  I see the blue lights, we better run. Throw out the bottle and I’ll hide the gun If he pulls us over I’ll turn on the charm You’ll be in the slammer and I’ll be on his arm.  Ain’t no use in trying to slow me down ‘Cause you’re running with the fastest girl in town  Ain’t you baby? Well I told you I was crazy. No I ain’t no body’s baby.  Hey!  He’s got the bullets  He’s got a gun I got the hankering for getting into something.|Country
mirandalambert|Safe|Just like the fringe on my boots You move with every step I take You walk in front of me to make sure  That I don’t fall and break my own heart Cause with you I could never  Just like the leather on my saddle We get prettier with time Together in the weather Shiny on the other side Polished and changed for the better  With you I’m safe With you I’m safe  I follow you just like a shadow Only closer and If you get tied and bound I'll find a way to free your hands I'll wash them clean Of everything but me  Sometimes you might get thirsty So I’ll catch the rain Just like the ice in your glass I'll rattle when you need a drink You’ll never run dry of love or anything  I’ll keep you safe I’ll keep you safe I’ll keep you safe  I keep a locket on my neck that holds your face I’ll spend forever making sure I can erase Every tear you ever thought about crying  You make me feel like I’m the only girl in the whole wide world I wanna hold you like a handful of diamonds and pearls That I guard with my life or die trying  I’ll keep you safe I’ll keep you safe I’ll keep you safe|Country
mirandalambert|Mamas Broken Heart|I cut my bangs with some rusty kitchen scissors I screamed his name ‘til the neighbors called the cops I numbed the pain at the expense of my liver Don’t know what I did next, all I know I couldn’t stop  Word got around to the barflies and the baptists My mama’s phone started ringin’ off the hook I can hear her now sayin’ she ain’t gonna have it Don’t matter how you feel, it only matters how you look  Go and fix your make up, girl, it’s just a break up Run and hide your crazy and start actin’ like a lady 'Cause I raised you better, gotta keep it together Even when you fall apart But this ain’t my mama’s broken heart  Wish I could be just a little less dramatic Like a Kennedy when Camelot went down in flames Leave it to me to be holdin’ the matches When the fire trucks show up and there’s nobody else to blame  Can’t get revenge and keep a spotless reputation Sometimes revenge is a choice you gotta make My mama came from a softer generation Where you get a grip and bite your lip just to save a little face  Go and fix your make up, girl, it’s just a break up Run and hide your crazy and start actin’ like a lady 'Cause I raised you better, gotta keep it together Even when you fall apart But this ain’t my mama’s broken heart  Powder your nose, paint your toes Line your lips and keep 'em closed Cross your legs, dot your eyes And never let 'em see you cry  Go and fix your make up, well it’s just a break up Run and hide your crazy and start actin’ like a lady 'Cause I raised you better, gotta keep it together Even when you fall apart But this ain’t my mama’s broken heart|Country
mirandalambert|Dear Diamond|Dear diamond Pretty and new Perfectly flawless too good to be true Dear diamond You shine like the sun Wrap around my finger just like he does  You cost more than he wanted to lose And with this ring I said I do Promised to never do what I’ve done I’ve been lying to someone  Dear diamond What will we do? Lie like the devil or just face the truth Dear diamond Be my saving grace What he don’t know will kill him That I can’t face  You cost more than he wanted to lose And with this ring I said I do I promised to never do what I’ve done I’ve been lying to someone Dear diamond  Dear diamond With your band of gold Some people you have, some people you hold Dear diamond I promise to keep This secret I have while he’s holding me|Country
mirandalambert|Baggage Claim|I have been draggin' around your sensitive ego Making sure that your bags arrive on time for the dog and pony show A little suitcase like a brick It kinda makes it hard to get a good grip I drop your troubles off at the conveyor belt I'll hand you a ticket to go get it yourself  At the baggage claim, you got a lot of luggage in your name When you hit the ground, check the lost and found Cause it ain't my problem now I can't carry it on, I've got a lot of troubles on my own It's all over the yard, in the trunk of the car I'm packin' it in, so come and get it  If it ain't obvious what has set me off today Behind every woman scorned is a man who made her that way Go on and take your little business trip with that sweet little habit That you can't kick You better call your momma when you get to town Cause I ain't gonna be hangin' around  At the baggage claim, you got a lot of luggage in your name When you hit the ground, check the lost and found Because it ain't my problem now I can't carry it on, I've got a lot of troubles of my own It's all over the yard, in the trunk of the car I'm packin' it in, so come and get it  Come and get it  Come and pick it up, pick it up Before I blow it up in flames You better pick it up, pick it up Baby, I'm leaving everything  At the baggage claim, you got a lot of luggage in your name And when you hit the ground, check the lost and found Cause it ain't my problem now I can't carry it on, I've got a lot of troubles of my own It's all over the yard, in the trunk of the car Well I'm packin' it in, so come and get it  Come and get it|Country
mirandalambert|Easy Living|The weather man Says rain today We'll saddle up and be on our way What's a little rain to a high ridin' rebel or two  Cuz it's easy living Easy loving you  People keep searchin' for a reason why They say life's a bitch and then you'll die But I can't see A reason for their point of view  Cuz it's easy living Easy loving you  Talk shows talking how it's near the end Of the one man woman And the one woman man We might fight like dogs But hey we love the makin' up at the end of the day Tomorrow that old sun will rise I'll be laying here by your side A coffee cup and a good morning kiss or two  Cuz its easy living Easy loving you  Cuz it's easy living Easy loving you|Country
mirandalambert|Over You|Weather man said it's gonna snow By now I should be used to the cold Mid-February shouldn't be so scary It was only December I still remember the presents, the tree, you and me  But you went away How dare you? I miss you They say I'll be OK But I'm not going to ever get over you  Living alone here in this place I think of you, and I'm not afraid Your favorite records make me feel better Cause you sing along With every song I know you didn't mean to give them to me  But you went away How dare you? I miss you They say I'll be OK But I'm not going to ever get over you  It really sinks in, you know, when I see it in stone  Cause you went away, How dare you? I miss you They say I'll be OK But I'm not going to ever get over you|Country
mirandalambert|Look at Miss Ohio|Oh me oh my oh, would you look at Miss Ohio She’s a runnin’ around with her rag-top down She says I wanna do right but not right now  Gonna drive to Atlanta and live out this fantasy Runnin’ around with your rag-top down Yeah, I wanna do right but not right now  Had your arm around her shoulder, a regimental soldier And mamma starts pushin’ that wedding gown Yeah, I wanna do right but not right now  Oh me oh my oh, would you look at Miss Ohio She’s a runnin’ around with her rag-top down She says I wanna do right but not right now  I know all about it, so you don’t have to shout it I’m gonna straighten it out somehow Yeah, I wanna do right but not right now  Oh me oh my oh, would you look at Miss Ohio She’s a runnin’ around with her rag-top down She says I wanna do right but not right now Yeah, I want do right but not right now.|Country
mirandalambert|Better in the Long Run|<i>[Miranda]</i> Cheap red wine straight out of a coffee cup One more down, to drink you off my mind Lord knows I’ve tried a thousand times to give you up But its closing time and we both know why  <i>[Chorus]</i> I’m just too selfish I guess I know you’re tired and restless It’s no surprise we’ve come undone But I can’t unlove you just because You say it’s better in the long run  <i>[Blake Shelton]</i> We’ve been driving down this highway Now we’re out of gas, too far outta town Oh here we are all tangled up and sideways You’re all broken down, yeah I’m breaking down  I’m just too selfish I guess I know you’re tired and restless It’s no surprise we’ve come undone But I can’t unlove you just because You say it’s better in the long run  <i>[Blake]</i> Oh maybe somewhere a little down the line I’ll get a little better leaving us behind Maybe someday, Oh I’ll be fine.  <i>[Miranda]</i> Oh and you’ll move on and I will too But still I don’t see gettin over you Oh, no, no, no  I’m just too selfish I guess I know you’re tired and restless It’s no surprise we’ve come undone (ohh no) But I can’t unlove you just because You say it’s better in the long run  In the long run Oh in the long run In the long run In the long run|Country
mirandalambert|Nobodys Fool|One more night with the same neon lights And I'll find my place at the bar One more dance so I'll buy one more round And I'll try to drown out my heart  He'll walk in and make every head turn And he'll always be dressed to kill Day I left is my only regret And now it's become his biggest thrill  All my friends say "hey don't you know him" And I'll try to play it off cool When they ask I'll just say he's nobody And me, well I'm nobody's fool  Won't take long and he'll find him someone And then pull them out for a dance Every note tells me that's all she wrote And reminds me how I missed my chance  When he's done he'll have a little more fun And he'll let her act like she's smooth As they walk out while I'm learning about What it is to have nothing to lose  All my friends say "hey don't you know him" And I'll try to play it off cool When they ask I'll just say he's nobody And me, well I'm nobody's fool  All my friends say "hey don't you know him" And I'll try to play it off cool When they ask I'll just say he's nobody And me, well I'm nobody's fool  And me, well I'm nobody's fool|Country
mirandalambert|Oklahoma Sky|How long has it taken me to find you Five hundred years, five hundred thousand miles It don't matter now Love's always on time Meet me underneath the Oklahoma sky  Lightning flashed, everything went silent A feather could have knocked me to the floor Missing piece was found I was finally alive Meet me underneath the Oklahoma sky  With the speed of sound I'm homeward bound mhmm  All our sorrows swept away forever Each and every tear washed out to sea There ain't no goodbye With your hand in mine Meet me underneath the Oklahoma sky Oklahoma sky|Country
mirandalambert|Dry Town|Well the road was hot and flat as a ruler Good hundred miles between me and Missoula That vinyl top wasn't gettin' no cooler I stopped at a quickie sack Well I figured I'd need about a sixth of Miller And one of those things so I wouldn't spill 'er I asked the girl if the beer was in the back She said  It's a dry town No beer, no liquor for miles around I'd give a nickel for a sip or two To wash me down Outta this dry town  So I turn right around, no hesitation Cursed the law for ruinin' the nation Waved goodbye to the boy at the station But she wouldn't go in gear  He said it sounds like your transmission You need Bob, but he's gone fishin' His day off, he gets a long way from here Cause  It's a dry town No beer, no liquor for miles around I'd give a nickel for a sip or two To wash me down Outta this dry town  Well back home friends you can get a dose of Something strong from your local grocer So I walked down 'til I got a little closer To a place called Happy Johns  He said I keep something here for colds and fevers Down underneath where I usual leave her Just last night I felt a cold coming on  It's a dry town No beer, no liquor for miles around I'd give a nickel for a sip or two To wash me down Outta this dry town|Country
mirandalambert|Famous in a Small Town|They say life is so much sweeter Through the telephoto lens of fame Around here you get just as much attention Cheerin' at the high school football game  I dreamed of going to Nashville Put my money down and placed my bet But I just got the first buck of the season I made the front page of the Turner "Town Gazette"  Every last one, route one, rural heart's got a story to tell Every grandma, in law, ex girlfriend Maybe knows you just a little too well Whether you're late for church or you're stuck in jail Hey words gonna get around Everybody dies famous in a small town  Tyler and Casey broke up It ended pretty quietly We heard he was caught red-handed with her mama That's just what they let us all believe  Every last one, route one, rural heart's got a story to tell Every grandma, in law, ex girlfriend Maybe knows you just a little too well Whether you're late for church or you're stuck in jail Hey words gonna get around Everybody dies famous in a small town  Baby who Needs their faces in a magazine Me and you We've been stars of the town since we were 17  Let's go on down to the quick stop Wear your yellow shades And I'll put on my tight jeans And we'll just spend the weekend burnin' rubber And we'll let em point and stare in disbelief  Every last one, route one, rural heart's got a story to tell Every grandma, in law, ex girlfriend Maybe knows you just a little too well Whether you're late for church or you're stuck in jail Hey words gonna get around Everybody dies famous in a small town|Country
mirandalambert|Crazy Ex-Girlfriend|It took me 5 bars, some 30 license plates I saw her mustang And my eyes filled up with rage I brought my pistol but I ain't some kinda fool So I walked right in barehanded She was on his arm while he was playing pool Just like I used to do She kissed him while I got a beer She didn't think I'd show up here I'm a crazy ex girlfriend  I watched her for awhile but I didn't like her walk She came across kinda cheap to me But hey hows that my fault She looked at my man like he didn't have on a stitch Somebody tell that girl To step up to that plate I wanna Pitch Little Bitch  Well those pretty girls can play their game But their damn well gonna know my name I'm a crazy ex-girlfriend  Well I started throwing things and I scared folks half to death I got up in his face and smelled whiskey on his breath I Didn't give it a second thought to being thrown in jail Well baby to a hammer everything looks like a nail And I was mad as hell  Well those pretty girls they're all the same But they're damn well gonna know my name I'm a crazy Ex-Girlfriend  I'm a crazy Ex-Girlfriend I'm a crazy Ex-Girlfriend I'm a crazy Ex-Girlfriend|Country
mirandalambert|Love Letters|Love Letters on wet paper Forgivers, no takers An angel who never got wings You find Jesus and it's too late He's already closed the front gate And the sign's flashing no vacancy  You've broken my heart for the last time You promise the truth and you told lies You've really made me believe That love was supposed to be free  Love letters on wet paper Forgivers, no takers An angel who never got wings You find Jesus and it's too late He's already closed the front gate And the signs flashing no vacancy  I'll never forget how he used to be But I'm better off living with memories I know that it's gonna hurt But I don't think it gets any worse  And love letters on wet paper Forgivers, no takers An angel who never got wings You find Jesus and it's too late He's already closed the front gate And the sign's flashing no vacancy  Yeah, my heart's flashing no vacancy|Country
mirandalambert|Desperation|Throw a dog a bone, I'll take it if i have to Go real fast like there's somewhere we can get to What's the use of standing right there on the edge if there ain't nowhere to fall What's the use in hanging on tight to the phone If nobody might call  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Desperation There's danger in frustration Complicated words slipping off of your tongue and ain't one of them the truth I'm still desperate for you  Tell it like a lie, live it like a movie Give a heart away like it don't mean nothing to me What's the use in making all the plans that we made if you weren't gonna go What's the use of slapping on a smile for a face if your eyes don't wanna show  <i>[Repeat Chorus:]</i>  Well it's too damn bad  you didn't have a chance to make me your best friend You were too caught up in giving too much up and not doing what you should have been  <i>[Repeat Chorus:]</i>|Country
mirandalambert|More Like Her|She's beautiful in her simple little way She don't have too much to say when she gets mad She understands she don't let go of anything Even when the pain gets really bad Guess I should've been more like that  You had it all for a pretty little while And some how you made me smile when I was sad You took a chance on a bruised and beaten heart Then you realized you wanted what you had I guess I should've been more like that  I should have held on to my pride I should have never let you lie I guess you got what you deserved I guess I should've been more like her  Forgiving you, she's stronger than I am You don't look much like a man from where I'm at It's plain to see desperation showed it's truth You love her and she loves you with all she has I guess I should've been more like that  I should have held on to my pride I should have never let you lie I guess you got what you deserved I guess I should've been more like her  She's beautiful in her simple, little way|Country
mirandalambert|Down|Down is where I'm goin' Pain is what I'm showin' Love is what I'm takin' Hearts your what I'm breakin'  Strong man lived in a jackson hole Took my heart and he broke my soul Left a dark place in my chest I sleep but I don't rest I sleep but I don't rest  So down is where I'm goin' Pain is what I'm showin' Love is what I'm takin' Hearts your what I'm breakin'  Met a little boy in Baton Rouge His eyes were clear and his heart was true Made the boy's heart scream my name But he didn't know the game No he didn't know the game  So down is where I'm goin' Pain is what I'm showin' Love is what I'm takin' Hearts your what I'm breakin' Yeah... Hey You don't want to be standin' there When the storm hits you won't have a prayer My wind will blow you to your knees Stay away from me Stay away from me Stay away from me  Oooo yeah yeah  So down is where I'm goin' Pain is what I'm showin' Love is what I'm takin' Heart's what I'm breakin' Heart's what I'm breakin'|Country
mirandalambert|Guilty in Here|God knows I tried everything I could To stay inside tonight But that boy's like a sore in your mouth That you just have to bite This number one is shakin' hands With numbers two and three Is it guilty in here or is it just me  I made a point of not mixin' Love and pleasure in my life Daytime boys and nightime boys Usually don't see eye to eye But I've been on a roll of late And they're all on their knees Is it guilty in here or is just me  What became of all the boys Who only want one thing Will someone tell me what I'm doin' wrong  'Cause the good ones all got wedding rings And the young ones are just too dumb I don't think I have any more Room underneath my thumb Maybe after all the ends do justify the means Is it guilty in here or is it just me  <i>[Chorus]</i>  'Cause the good ones all got wedding rings And the young ones are just too dumb I don't think I have any more Room underneath my thumb Maybe after all the ends do justify the means Is it guilty in here or is it just me Is it guilty in here, maybe it's just me|Country
mirandalambert|Getting Ready|Oh baby, I'm getting ready I'm getting ready to let you go My hands are shaking, my heart's unsteady Oh, how I once loved you so  I know all the magic's gone Wish I had a magic wand I would put a spell on you You would sing it as I do  Oh, I'm getting ready to let you go Oh, I'm getting ready to let you go  Oh baby, you're my drug I was just your cigarette I was nothing you could be proud of I have lost my self respect Self respect, self respect I have lost my self respect  Oh, I'm getting ready to let you go Oh, I'm getting ready to let you go  Oh baby baby, I got no traction I've been waiting and waiting for your reaction Sure I tried a new direction I'm going to give myself a resurrection  I'm getting ready, I'm getting ready, I'm getting ready to let you go  I'm getting ready, I'm getting ready, I'm getting ready to let you go|Country
mirandalambert|Easy From Now On|There he goes gone again Same old story's gotta come to an end Lovin' him was a one way street But I'm gettin' off where the crossroads meet  It's a quarter moon in a ten cent town Time for me to lay my heartaches down Saturday night gonna make myself a name Take a month of sundays to try and explain  It's gonna be easy to fill The heart of a thirsty woman Harder to kill the ghost of a no good man And I'll be ridin' high in a fandangled sky It's gonna be easy It's gonna be easy from now on  Raw as whip but clean as a bone Soft to touch when you take me home When the mornin' comes and it's time for me to leave Don't worry 'bout me, I got a wild card up my sleeve  It's gonna be easy to fill The heart of a thirsty woman Harder to kill the ghost of a no good man And I'll be ridin' high in a fandangled sky It's gonna be easy, It's gonna be easy It's gonna be easy from now on|Country
mirandalambert|Somebody Else|Highway 65 sure sounds kinda nice I feel like drivin' somewhere far away Got the top rolled down, radio up loud Playin Willie and Old Hank  Well I don't really have a certain destination I'll just fill the gas tank up and use my imagination  I wanna feel my freedom blowin' through my hair Throw my troubles to the wind and scream out I don't care I'm tired of bein' down and out cause that ain't what life should be about I can feel the load gettin' lighter with every mile I wanna be somebody else for a little while  Sometimes we're afraid to change, scared of what tomorrow brings Same routine every day If you never stop and listen, you don't know what you'll be missin' Don't let your life slip away  I wanna feel my freedom blowin' through my hair Throw my troubles to the wind and scream out I don't care I'm tired of bein' down and out cause that ain't what life should be about. I can feel the load gettin' lighter with every mile I wanna be somebody else for a little while  I wanna feel my freedom blowin' through my hair Throw my troubles to the wind and scream out I don't care I'm tired of bein' down and out cause that ain't what life should be about I can feel the load gettin' lighter with every mile I wanna be somebody else for a little while  Stay up all night and sleep all day and wake up with a smile I wanna be somebody else for a little while|Country
mirandalambert|Lyin' Here|I love you more than you’ll ever know And I’ll miss you more than I care to show I’ll get better at pretending nothing’s wrong Its easy when you’re always all alone But lately I see leaving in your eyes So nothing you say will come as a surprise You don’t even have to try to be sincere Just go on and leave me lyin’ here  And I’ll tell my heart you didn’t cause it to break And I’ll tell my mind that I’m the one who made the mistakes And I’ll tell my eyes they don’t even have to cry one tear Just go on and leave my lyin’ here  So go on and find you someone new I’ll make sure that I end up the fool Maybe someday I’ll begin to make it clear You’re the one who left me lyin’ here  And I’ll tell my heart you didn’t cause it to break And I’ll tell my mind that I’m the one who made the mistakes And I’ll tell my eyes they don’t even have to cry one tear Just go on and leave my lyin’ here  Just walk away dear and leave me lyin’ here|Country
mirandalambert|Jack Daniels|Daddy always said he was wrong for me And in the end he'd only bring me misery I tried and tried to turn away But something bout him makes me stay The only man who's ever knocked me to my knees The only man who's ever set my spirit free  He was born and raised in Lynchburg, Tennessee His daddy owns a big distillery He's an old time whiskey drinker When I'm with him I get meaner And momma says he's ruined my destiny He sure has made a women out of me  I fell in love with Jack Daniels again He's the best kind of lover that there is I can have him when I please He always satisfies my needs He takes me back no matter where I've been Yeah, I fell in love with Jack Daniels again  I fell in love with Jack Daniels again He's the best kind of lover that there is I can have him when I please He always satisfies my needs He takes me back no matter where I've been Yeah, I fell in love with Jack Daniels again  Jack Daniels if you please Knock me to my knees You're the only friend there has ever been That didn't do me wrong  Jack Daniels if you please Knock me to my knees You can kill this pain, its drivin' me insane Since my baby's gone|Country
mirandalambert|Wichita Falls|Alone in a booth, in the Pioneer Cafe  I'm strung out from the road, a pillow in my hands I sip the last straw from a cold cup of coffee and try to sort out my feelings as good as I can Two hours behind me there’s a boy back in Dallas my phone will be ringing his afternoon call but he'll get no answer, the queens left her palace She’s alone in a cafe in Wichita Falls  Back out on the highway towards Oklahoma  I'm driving and crying and hating it all This old Chevrolet is raising the sunset and taking me further from Wichita Falls  I don’t know where I'm going I have no direction and all I can say is I've made up my mind I just want to travel a long way from heartache wherever it takes me I'll leave it behind I guess that he thought I would stay there forever  living my life with my back to the wall Well maybe the waitress will send him that letter  I left on the table in Wichita Falls I'm going somewhere other than Texas a long way from Dallas in Wichita Falls  I'm taking the highway yeah I'm going somewhere|Country
mirandalambert|White Liar|Hey white liar The truth comes out a little at a time And it spreads just like a fire Slips off of your tongue like turpentine And I don't know why White liar  You better be careful what you do I wouldn't wanna be in your shoes If they every found you out You better be careful what you say It never really added up anyway I got friends in this town  Hey white liar The truth comes out a little at a time And it spreads just like a fire Slips off of your tongue like turpentine And I don't know why White liar  You said you went out to a bar And walked some lady to her car But your face has more to tell ‘Cause my cousin saw you on the street With a red head named Bernice Turns out that you don't lie too well  Hey white liar The truth comes out a little at a time And it spreads just like a fire Slips off of your tongue like turpentine And I don't know why White liar  Here's a bombshell just for you Turns out that I've been lying, too  Now I'm the white liar The truth comes out a little at a time And it spreads just like a fire Slips off of my tongue like turpentine And I don't know why White liar|Country
mirandalambert|Only Prettier|Well I've been saved by the grace of Southern charm I got a mouth like a sailor and yours is more like a Hallmark card And if you wanna pick a fight Well I'm gonna have to say goodnight I don't have to be hateful, I can just say bless your heart  And even though I don't belong with your high life friends It doesn't mean we don't get together and try to make amends It's easier can't you see Let's agree to just disagree We don't have to like each other but it's sure fun to pretend  So let's shake hands and reach across those party lines You've got your friends just like I've got mine We might think a little differently But we got a lot in common you will see We're just like you Only prettier  Everybody says you've gotta know your enemies Even if they only weigh a hundred pounds and stand five foot three If you just smile and behave you can always get your way It's a universal plan that'll get you where you can in all societies  So let's shake hands and reach across those party lines You've got your friends just like I've got mine We might think a little differently But we got a lot in common you will see We're just like you Only prettier Hey!  <i>[Break]</i>  So let's shake hands and reach across those party lines You've got your friends just like I've got mine We might think a little differently But we got a lot in common you will see We're just like you Only prettier  Well, I'll keep drinkin' And you'll keep gettin' skinnier I'm just like you Only prettier|Country
mirandalambert|Dead Flowers|I feel like the  flowers in this vase, He just brought em'  home one day, "Ain't they beautiful" he said. They've been here in the kitchen and the water's turnin' grey. They're sittin' in  the vase but now  they're dead. Dead flowers.  I feel like this  long string of lights. They lit up our whole house on christmas day. But now it's January and the bulbs have all burned out, But still they hang. Like dead flowers.  He ain't feelin' anything My love, my hurt, or the  sting of this rain.  I'm livin' in a hurricane. All he can say is,  "Man ain't it such a nice day" Yeah, Yeah.   I feel like the tires on this car.  They said we won't go far but we're still rollin' I look in the rear view and I see dead flowers in the yard and that string of lights. But and it ain't glowin' Like dead flowers. Like dead flowers.   He ain't feelin' anything My love, my hurt, or the  sting of this rain. I'm drivin' through a hurricane. All he can say is,  "Man ain't it such a nice day" Hey, hey I guess we'll just go to waste, like dead flowers.  Like dead flowers. Dead flowers.|Country
mirandalambert|Me and Your Cigarettes|Gives you something you can do with your hands Makes you look cool and feel like a man In the morning you will probably regret me  Me and your cigarettes   Started young it’s too late to quit Most call it a bad, bad habit  Your mama told you, you could end up dead  With me, me and your cigarettes   Always there every time you need me  It ain’t love but just like nicotine  You’re addicted to a feeling you can only get  From me and your cigarettes   Light us up and then throw us down  Walk away when we hit the ground  How they going to feel when you come back around here and see It’s just you and your cigarettes   Always there every time you need me  It ain’t love but just like nicotine You’re addicted to a feeling you can only get From me and your cigarettes|Country
mirandalambert|Maintain the Pain|I put a bullet in my radio  Something just hit me funny I don’t know Just pulled the trigger going down the road  You slam the door and knock me off the wire  Then walk in lines and you been burning tires Slow and easy ain’t that what you like?   It’s insane it’s in vain You stay to maintain the pain   I hear your name and then it burns a hole I swear I hate you but I can’t let go  The kind of feelings that you can’t console   It’s in all vain it’s all insane  I swear you’ll stay  I swear you’ll stay to maintain the pain  It’s all in vain it’s all insane  I swear you’ll stay I swear you’ll stay to main the pain  Maintain the pain|Country
mirandalambert|Airstream Song|Sometimes I wish I lived in airstream homemade curtains Lived just like a gypsy. Break a heart, roll out of town Cause gypsies never get tied down  Sometimes I wish I lived on a mountain Drank from a stream Instead of a fountain I'd stay there, top of the world But I was born a red dirt girl  Unbridled, or tethered in tide the saftey of the fence or the danger of the ride I'll always be unsatisfied  Sometimes I wish I lived by a pier In a lighthouse with a chandelier I'd watch everybody's ships come in And then I'd sail away with them  Unanchored in a storm or safety on the shore If this is all I need Why do I want more?  Sometimes I wish I lived in airstream homemade curtains lived just like a gypsy|Country
mirandalambert|Makin' Plans|If I ever left this town  I'd never settle down  I'd just be wanderin' around  If I ever left this town   If I wasn't by your side  I'd never be satisfied  Nothin' would feel just right  If I wasn't by your side   'Cause I'm not easy to understand  But you know me like the back of your hand  I'm your girl and you're my man  And we're makin' plans....   We can go on and on  Won't ever feel too long  I'll always call you home  And we'll go on and on   'Cause I know you like the back of my hand  Got a heart of gold and a piece of land  I'm your girl and you're my man  And we're makin' plans....|Country
mirandalambert|Time to Get a Gun|My neighbor’s car got stolen last night Right out of his driveway We heard the dogs barking  We never paid them any mind And Mary say’s she’s going to lock the door  From now on when we go away  I’ve been walking around this farm Wondering if it’s time  Time to get a gun  That’s what I’ve been thinking  I could afford one  If I did just a little less drinking  Time to put something Between me and the sun When the talking is over It’s time to get a gun   Last week a government man was there When I walked out my back door  He said I’m sorry to bother you ma’am It don’t matter anymore  Cause even while we were talking  Right here where we stand They’re making plans for a four way highway And a big old over pass   Time to get a gun  That’s what I’ve been thinking  I could afford one  If I did just a little less drinking  Time to put something Between me and the sun When the talking is over It’s time to get a gun   Mary says she’s worried about herself and her kids She’s never known anybody who had a gun  And her daddy never did  But I think it should be up to me  Cause when it’s all said and done Somebody’s gotta walk into the night And I’m going to be that one   Time to get a gun  That’s what I’ve been thinking  I could afford one  If I did just a little less drinking  Time to put something Between me and the sun When the talking is over It’s time to get a gun   When the party is over  It’s time to get a gun|Country
mirandalambert|Somewhere Trouble Don't Go|Devil had a daughter  Took him to deep water  Tried to kill him with a kiss He said hey now honey What about the money  I said I ain’t got time for this   Take me take me somewhere trouble don’t go Make me make me someone trouble don’t know   He said baby come inside  I said sorry I got to ride Sorry but I got to ride  You know you could end up dead  For sleeping in the devil’s bed Sleeping in a devil’s bed  Take me take me somewhere trouble don’t go Make me make me someone trouble don’t know   Baby wants to drive my car But he wants to go too far But he wants to go too far First comes love and it’s so fine Then comes heartache right behind Then comes heartache behind  My baby used to be so sweet Now he won’t come down my street Now he won’t come down my street  All my plans got derailed  He locked up my heart in jail He locked up my heart in jail  Take me take me somewhere trouble don’t go Make me make me someone trouble don’t know Take me take me somewhere trouble don’t go  Make me make me someone trouble don’t know|Country
mirandalambert|The House That Built Me|I know they say you can't go home again. I just had to come back one last time. Ma'am I know you don't know me from Adam. But these hand prints on the front steps are mine. Up those stairs, in that little back bedroom Is where I did my homework and I learned to play guitar. And I bet you didn't know under that live oak My favorite dog is buried in the yard.  I thought if I could touch this place or feel it This brokenness inside me might start healing. Out here it's like I'm someone else, I thought that maybe I could find myself If I could just come in I swear I'll leave. Won't take nothing but a memory From the house that built me.  Mama cut out pictures of houses for years. From 'Better Homes and Garden' magazine. Plans were drawn, concrete poured, And nail by nail and board by board Daddy gave life to mama's dream.  I thought if I could touch this place or feel it This brokenness inside me might start healing. Out here it's like I'm someone else, I thought that maybe I could find myself. If I could just come in I swear I'll leave. Won't take nothing but a memory From the house that built me.  You leave home, you move on and you do the best you can. I got lost in this old world and forgot who I am.  I thought if I could touch this place or feel it This brokenness inside me might start healing. Out here it's like I'm someone else, I thought that maybe I could find myself. If I could walk around I swear I'll leave. Won't take nothing but a memory From the house that built me.|Country
mirandalambert|Love Song|I was standing there crying in the kitchen  It's been one of those mornings that's gonna last all day  And he comes in, wraps his arms around me  And I don't even have to say a thing   That's what makes it love  That's what makes it a love song   He comes in, slams the door behind him  And he can't hide the worry on his face  Even though I got a million things to tell him  I know right now he just needs some space   That's what makes it love  That's what makes it a love song  That's what makes it love  That's what makes it a love song   Everybody always sings about it  How they're never gonna live without it  We don't even have to talk about it  'Cuz We're livin it out   That's what makes it love  That's what makes it a love song  That's what makes it love  That's what makes it a love song|Country
mirandalambert|Heart Like Mine|I ain't the kind you take home to mama  I ain't the kind to wear no ring  Somehow I always get stronger  When I'm on my second drink   Even though I hate to admit it  Sometimes I smoke cigarettes  The Christian folks say I should quit it  And I just smile and say "God Bless"   Cause I heard Jesus He drank wine  And I bet we'd get along just fine  He could calm a storm and heal the blind  And I bet He'd understand a heart like mine   Daddy cried when he saw my tattoo  But said he loved me anyway  My brother got the brains of the family  So I thought I'd learn to sing   Cause I heard Jesus He drank wine  And I bet we'd get along just fine  He could calm a storm and heal the blind  And I bet He'd understand a heart like mine   I'll fly away from it all one day  And I'll fly away  These are the days that I will remember  When my names called on a roll  He'll meet me with two long-stemmed glasses  And make a toast to me coming home   Cause I heard Jesus He drank wine  And I bet we'd get along just fine  He could calm a storm and heal the blind  And I bet He'd understand  Understand a heart like mine  Oh yes He would|Country
mirandalambert|Sin for a Sin|I remember vividly what that vision did to me  You laying with her in our bed  Love can be a tradgedy  When you do what you did to me  All I'm seeing now is red   I need to repent  A sin for a sin   Bible told me to forget  All those who trespass against  Tread their feet on sacred ground   Bad things come with consequence  What feels good, hurts in the end  Dont want to think about that now   I need to repent  A sin for a sin   Fire and brimstone  Dirt and a headstone  Bury them, baby  Along with your sins  Hear the thunder  Six feet under  Hit your knees  Wont do it again   Guilty pleasure  Ease the pain  Whisky runnin through my veins  Too late to save you now   I need to repent  A sin for a sin   Fire and brimstone  Dirt and a headstone  Bury them deep  Along with your sins  hear the thunder  Six feet under  hit your knees  wont do it again   I remember vividly  What that vision did to me|Country
mirandalambert|Virginia Bluebell|Carrying the weight On the end of a limb You're just waitin' for somebody To pick you up again  Shaded by a tree Can't live up to a rose All you ever wanted Was a sunny place to grow  Pretty little thing Sometimes you gotta look up And let the world see All the beauty that you're made of  'Cause the way you hang your head Nobody can tell You're my Virginia Bluebell My Virginia Bluebell  Even through a stone A flower can bloom You just need a little push Spring is coming soon  Umbrella in the rain Let it roll off your back Weather what you can Realize what you have  Pretty little thing Sometimes you gotta look up And let the world see All the beauty that you're made of  'Cause the way you hang your head Nobody can tell You're my Virginia Bluebell My Virginia Bluebell  Put a little light in the darkest places Put a little smile on the saddest faces  Pretty little thing Sometimes you gotta look up And let the world see All the beauty that you're made of  'Cause the way you hang your head Nobody can tell You're my Virginia Bluebell My Virginia Bluebell|Country
mirandalambert|Kerosene|I'm waitin' on the sun to set cause yesterday aint over yet I started smoking cigarettes there's nothing else to do I guess Dusty roads aint made for walking, spinning tires aint made for stoppin' I'm giving up on love cause love's given up on me  I gave it everything I had and everything I got was bad Life aint hard but it's too long to live it like some country song Trade the truth in for a lie, cheating really aint a crime I'm giving up on love cause love's given up on me  Forget your high society, I'm soakin' it in Kerosene Light 'em up and watch them burn, teach them what they need to learn HA! Dirty hands aint made for shakin', aint a rule that aint worth breakin' Well I'm giving up on love cause love's given up on me  Now I don't hate the one who left You can't hate someone who's dead He's out there holding on to someone, I'm holding up my smoking gun I'll find somewhere to lay my blame the day she changes her last name Well I'm giving up on love cause love's given up on me Well I'm giving up on love HEY love's given up on me|Country
mirandalambert|What About Georgia?|You draw it out like a highway With every word that you say Excuses for the answers that you lack Your mama's still the steady ground you walk on every day And your daddy's still the monkey on your back Did you find all you thought you'd find out in the wild, wild west You took a little piece of home and you threw away the rest  You say you're livin' on the edge and I think you're hangin' from a ledge Too scared to hold the hand that wants to help you up Are you the man you thought you'd be by the time that you turned 33 Are you still a bullet in your daddy's gun Don't forget boy you're your mama's only son She's at home and she's been praying for you Hey what about Georgia  Saw your sister yesterday Austin's five and on his way Looking for some shoes that he can fill He said that he'd be just like you, the coolest guy he ever knew And he'd find you when he lost his training wheels I looked in his big blue eyes and I saw you again He's hungry for a life that he aint ready to begin  You say you're livin' on the edge and I think you're hangin' from a ledge Too scared to hold the hand that wants to help you up Are you the man you thought you'd be by the time that you turned 33 Are you still a bullet in your daddy's gun Don't forget boy you're your mama's only son She's at home and she's been praying for you So what about Georgia  Guess you didn't realize it'd take you quite this long To figure out that being free is right where you belong  You say you're livin' on the edge and I think you're hangin' from a ledge Too scared to hold the hand that wants to help you up HEY! Are you the man you thought you'd be by the time that you turned 33 Are you still a bullet in your daddy's gun Don't forget boy you're your mama's only son She's at home and she's been praying for you Hey want about Georgia What about Georgia yeah What about Georgia Georgia Yeah What about Georgia|Country
mirandalambert|Greyhound Bound for Nowhere|Rain on the window makes me lonely Time keeps on passing so slowly The old man sittin' next to me is fallin' asleep On a Greyhound Bound For Nowhere  The sun's going down on my misery Another day gone by with broken dreams That cell phone I hear ringing, I keep wishing it was you On a Greyhound Bound For Nowhere  That ring that you were wearing don't mean everything The way that you stood starin' as you watched me roll away She loves you and you need me and there some things we can't share I'm on a Greyhound bound for nowhere  Bright lights of a city shining up ahead My hearts analyzing every word you said Did you take me for a fool or did you really care I'm on a Greyhound bound for nowhere  That ring that you were wearing don't mean everything The way that you stood starin' as you watched me roll away She loves you and you need me and there some things we can't share I'm on a Greyhound bound for nowhere  I'm gonna find someplace I can ease my mind And try to heal my wounded pride  Rain on the window and I'm still lonely And time keeps on passing so slowly You're with her and I'm alone and you're wishing I was there I'm on a Greyhound bound for nowhere We' re all on a Greyhound bound for nowhere|Country
mirandalambert|New Strings|I bet this road will take me out of here Take me far away from Amarillo I bet this car will go real fast The wheels might even drive me past The places that you said I'd never go Oh...  The Texas Sky is the biggest one I've seen But it still aint big enough for you and me All the things that make you mad, All the baggage in your past Don't leave much room for a girl like me to be So I'll fill her up with hope and worn-out dreams  <i>[Chorus]</i> An I'll grab the wheel and point it west Pack the good and leave the rest I'll drive until I find the missing piece You said I wouldn't get too far on a tank of gas And an empty heart But I have everything I'll ever need I got this old guitar and a brand new set of strings  Mama said I never should have done it Should have ended us before we ever started Daddy knew about my pride so he stood there And he smiled inside and I pretended that I Didn't notice a little tear that fell when I said I was going  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  <i>[Tag]</i> I've worried about life and If it's arriving right on time I guess if you don't jump You'll never know if you can fly  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>|Country
mirandalambert|I Can't Be Bothered|I can't be bothered to miss you anymore Month twelve, day thirty-one and hour twenty-four I used to think if missed hard enough you'd come back for sure I can't be bothered now to miss you anymore  It's not like I don't have tears to cry Such memories so little time This box of photographs to go through one by one There's just so much work to get done  I can't be bothered to miss you anymore Month twelve, day thirty-one and hour twenty-four I used to think if missed hard enough you'd come back for sure I can't be bothered now to miss you anymore  When you skipped town I was such a mess So I found some things to do instead Trick is to find something to occupy your mind Now I spend most days chasin' mine  And I can't be bothered to miss you anymore Month twelve, day thirty-one and hour twenty-four I used to think if missed hard enough you'd come back for sure I can't be bothered now to miss you, I'm cuddling up to kiss you And I can't be bothered now to miss you anymore|Country
mirandalambert|Bring Me Down|Sweet like a kiss sharp like a razor blade I find you when I' m close to the bottom You cant appreciate the time it takes To kick a love I always knew was kind of wrong And as I'm putting out the flame Somebody brings up you name  Oh oh oh oh Baby baby baby bring me down I want to be right where you are Baby baby baby bring me down You can look me in the eye and break my heart Break my heart  Six AM unruffled pillow Laughs out loud at my trusting heart It's like I didn't see the penny I missed the fountain by a couple yards If you would only stay gone Maybe I could move on  Oh oh oh oh Baby baby baby bring me down I want to be right where you are Baby baby baby bring me down You can look me in the eye and break my heart Break my heart  OH! Baby baby baby bring me down I want to be right where you are Baby baby baby bring me down You can look me in the eye and break my heart Break my heart  OH! Baby baby baby bring me down I want to be right where you are Baby baby baby bring me down You can look me in the eye and break my heart Break my heart  Bring me down...|Country
mirandalambert|Me and Charlie Talking|Me and Charlie boy used to go walking, sittin' in the woods behind my house When being lovers meant a stolen kiss and holding hands with nobody else around Charlie said he wanted to get married but we were only ten so we'd have to wait He said we'd never let our love run dry like so many do these days  So you treat your love like a firefly, like it only gets to shine for a little while Catch it in a mason jar with holes in the top and run like hell to show it off Oh, promises were made when we'd go walkin', that's just me and Charlie talking  Charlie always said he'd like to leave here, so he turned eighteen and he left our sleepy town Letters came and went and I kept waiting for Charlie to come back and bring the life he'd found Funny how time and distance change you the road you take don't always lead you home You can start a love with good intentions and then you look up and it's gone  So you treat your love like a firefly like it only gets to shine for a little while Catch it in a mason jar with holes in the top and run like hell to show it off Oh, promises were made when we were walking that's just me and Charlie talking  Now and then I sometimes think of Charlie and how we thought we knew it all back then Now I'd give anything to feel love from a child's heart again  So you treat your love like a firefly like it only gets to shine for a little while Catch it in a mason jar with holes in the top and run like hell to show it off Oh, promises were made when we were walking that's just me and Charlie talking  La, la, la, la, la, la, La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la La, la, la, la, la, la|Country
mirandalambert|I Wanna Die|You know it's so complicated, first you love then you hate it Someone's laughing, someone's crying, someone livin', someone's dying Sombody always looses and we still play the game And the fire will always burn you and we still light the flame Let's make it up baby, cause I aint gonna fight If you're the death of me darlin', I wanna die  You always say that you love me and there is no one above me Never giving, always takin', never bending, always breaking I know you aint a liar but you don't tell the truth And you're walkin' on a wire wearing someone else's shoes If you're handing out misery I'll be the first in line If you're the death of me darlin' I wanna die  Tear it up, break it down Put my heart on your sleeve and wear it all over town I know you're a player but you don't play by the rules And I'm just another in a long line of fools  Yeah it's so complicated, I love then I hate it I'm laughing, you're crying, you're livin', I'm dyin' Somebody always looses and we still play the game Yeah the fire will always burn you and we still light the flame Let's make it up baby, cause I aint gonna fight If you're the death of me darlin', I wanna die  Tear it up, break it down Put my heart on your sleeve and wear it all over town I know you're a player but you don't play by the rules And I'm just another in a long line of fools  Yeah it's so complicated, I love then I hate it I'm laughing you're crying, I'm living, you're dyin' I know you aint a liar but you don't tell the truth And you're walkin on a wire wearing someone else's shoes If you're handing out misery I'll be the first in line If you're the death of me darlin' I wanna die OHHHH I wanna die Tear it up Tear it up um um um|Country
mirandalambert|Love Is Looking for You|Maybe you're just jaded from some nobody's unforgotten words Maybe you're just faded, a little gray from every time that you've been hurt So you're lookin for your skin that you never did fit in You can't hide when you're turned inside out Love is looking for you now  Maybe you been burnin' but you can't blow out a flame that you can't find Maybe you've been thirsty but the rain just aint enough when you're this dry So you're runnin' from the water and the fire's getting hotter I think you better find some level ground Love is lookin' for you now Love is lookin' for you now  Maybe you been wearing the shoes that someone else is wearing now Maybe you've been swearing forever might have already run out You can't love yourself at the expense of someone else You can't hide a liar from the truth Love is lookin' for you Love is lookin' for you  I've been looking for you Baby I've been lookin..... I've been looking for you|Country
mirandalambert|Mama, I'm Alright|Well the sun just got through going down on a sleepy little Texas town Population plus one minus one A new grandma rocks my sister's kid just like twenty years ago she did The same thing in that same chair She said "this one's born to run"  Every day at noon like a chapel bell find her Jesus keep her well Help her do more right than wrong at the end of the day I got 5 good years and a tank of gas, fifty watts and Johnny Cash A guitar and a broken heart just full of things to say You taught me how to stand those tests and trials But you can't se a desert sunrise in the bible  She loves me more that anything And she wants the world for me Her west dropped of in El Paso, And her north in Abilene Mama I'm OK out here I've seen how hard the world can be My step is sure and I know my name I'm strong just like you prayed I'd be I'm strong just like you prayed I'd be  If I'd have done what you and daddy done, would have never lost and never won Or gotten myself kicked when I was down I would not know how to travel well, A hundred bucks and cheap motels I would not know how to fight for my own heart next time around  Now don't you cry another night about me In this city I've got angels all around me  She loves me more that anything And she wants the world for me Her west dropped of in El Paso And her north in Abilene Hey Mama I'm OK out here I've seen how hard the world can be My step is sure and I know my name I'm strong just like you prayed Id be I'm strong just like you prayed I'd be  I felt it every time you prayed for me I'm strong just like you prayed I'd be|Country
mirandalambert|There's a Wall|I'd run away but I can't escape the power of your pride Your eyes are cold like an empty soul and I'm burning up inside There's nothing wrong with letting go and you're still diggin' in We're racing to the bottom and I' can't find the end  And there's a wall Standing here between us And that's all that's keeping you from freedom And I keep pushing harder and you keep getting stronger You won't break cause you're afraid you'll fall And there a wall  You love me when you want to and you find reasons to fight Another lame excuse to keep the devil on you side Trying hard to hide those scares that I've already seen Your beat up heart's not the only thing that's keeping you from me  And there's a wall Standing here between us And that's all that's keeping you from freedom And I keep pushing harder and you keep getting stronger You won't break cause you're afraid you'll fall And there a wall  Pain has made you weak and hard I will never be as strong,  As strong... As this wall Standing here between us And that's all that's keeping you from freedom And I keep pushing harder and you keep getting stronger You won't break cause you're afraid you'll fall With this wall|Country
mirandalambert|Love Your Memory|I don't want to see you or feel you I don't want to look into your eyes I don't want to touch you or miss you I just want to love your memory tonight  I can't handle all this pain All we ever do is fight anyway Why we even tried I haven't a clue With hearts involved there's way too much to loose  I don't want to see you or feel you I don't want to look into your eyes I don't want to touch you or miss you I just want to love your memory tonight  You were something else to look at Your intentions they weren't' all bad You tried to make me something I wasn't Lord knows there aint no future in all that  I don't want to see you or feel you I don't want to look into your eyes I don't want to touch you or miss you I just want to love your memory tonight|Country
mirandalambert|Automatic|Quarter in a payphone Drying laundry on the line Watching Sun Tea in the window Pocket watch for tellin' time Seems like only yesterday I'd get a blank cassette Record the country countdown 'cause I couldn't buy it yet  If we drove all the way to Dallas just to buy an Easter dress We’d take along a Rand McNally, stand in line to pay for gas God knows that shifting gears ain’t what it used to be I learned to drive that 55 just like a queen, three on a tree  Hey, whatever happened to waitin' your turn Doing it all by hand, 'Cause when everything is handed to you It's only worth as much as the time put in It all just seemed so good the way we had it Back before everything became automatic  If you had something to say You'd write it on a piece of paper Then you'd put a stamp on it And they'd get it three days later Boys would call the girls And girls would turn them down Staying married was the only way to work your problems out  Hey, whatever happened to waitin' your turn Doing it all by hand, 'Cause when everything is handed to you It's only worth as much as the time put in It all just seemed so good the way we had it Back before everything became automatic  Automatic  Let's roll the windows down Windows with the cranks Come on let's take a picture The kind you gotta shake  Hey, whatever happened to waitin' your turn Doing it all by hand, 'Cause when everything is handed to you It's only worth as much as the time put in It all just seemed so good the way we had it Back before everything became automatic  Yeah  Automatic|Country
mirandalambert|Girls|Imagine a fighter with a centerfold face Comes from a long line of blue collars and lace With a grip like reins to a steed And kisses for days And imagine a winner holding pink champagne Who still loves her daddy but changes her name An overachiever, even she don't believe her own fame  You can't change her mind (Even if you wanted to) You can always try (She'll see through to you, she'll see through you) If you think you're the only one she'll want in this world Then you don't know nothin' 'bout girls  Imagine your best friend and your worst enemy Begs you to stay and then wishes you'd leave Like Marilyn Monroe she can be who you want her to be  You can't change her mind (Even if you wanted to) You can always try (She'll through to you, she'll see through you) If you think you're the only one she'll want in this world Then you don't know nothin' 'bout girls  Go on, go on Give her everything and more Love her all you want She was never yours  You can't change her mind You can always try If you think you're the only one She'll want in this world Then you don't know nothin' about girls If you think you're the only one She'll want in this world then you don't know nothing No nothing 'bout girls.|Country
mirandalambert|Platinum|My disposition permeates The room when I walk in the place I'm sorry! By calculation I'm way too much Pretentiously I bitch a bunch But you bought it! I can't exceed my reputation A small town girl with compensation Exploitin' all my possibilities Well don't you know I'll blaze a trail But hell You can come with me  What doesn't kill you Only makes you blonder My heels and my *hotels They just got taller Somethin' bout platinum irrefutably Looks as good on records As it does on me  Historically real men prefer The Marilyns with curls and curves And I've got it! Genetically or chemically As long as it contains some bleach I want it!  You don't need to be a fighter Honey, just go one shade lighter You'll acquire everything you want When your roots grow out And things go South Hey, go back to the salon!  What doesn't kill you Only makes you blonder My heels and my *hotels They just got taller Somethin' bout platinum irrefutably Looks as good on records as it does on me  Hey! What doesn't kill you Only makes you blonder In fact, my heels and my hotels They just got taller Somethin' bout platinum irrefutably Looks as good on records as it does on me  Somethin' bout platinum irrefutably Looks as good on records as it does on me  Platinum Platinum Somethin' bout platinum|Country
mirandalambert|Little Red Wagon|You only love me for my big sun glasses And my Tony Lama's And my Dodge Dart classic You said "I'll be Johnny and you'll be June I'll ride with you to the moon" But guess what?  <i>[Chorus:]</i> You can't ride in my little red wagon The front seat's broken and the axle's draggin' You can't step to this backyard swagger You know it ain't my fault when I'm walkin' jaws droppin' like Ooh, ah, ooh, ah  Oh, heaven help me I've been sowing wildflower seeds And chasing tumble weeds But that's just who I be And you're just trying to slow this rolling stone But I'm on to you baby So guess what?  <i>[Chorus:]</i> You can't ride in my little red wagon The front seat's broken and the axle's draggin' No you can't step to this backyard swagger You know it ain't my fault when I'm walkin' jaws droppin' like Ooh, ah, ooh, ah  Oh, you only love me for my big sun glasses And my Tony Lama's I live in Oklahoma And I've got long, blonde hair And I play guitar, and I go on the road And I do all the shit you wanna do And my dog does tricks And I ain't about drama, y'all And I love my apron But I ain't your mama! So guess what?  <i>[Chorus:]</i> You can't ride in my little red wagon The front seat's broken and the axle's draggin' No you can't step to this backyard swagger You know it ain't my fault when I'm walkin' jaws droppin' like Ooh, ahh, ooh, ahh Oooohh, yeah. Ahhhhh. Oooooohh. Ah!|Country
mirandalambert|Smokin' and Drinkin'|It was one of those times when a real good time felt like a long time ago It was one of those fires that burned all night and made your blue jeans smell like smoke Hangin’ with friends, goin’ against our upbringin’, smokin’ and drinkin’  It was one of those girls and one of those guys who didn’t know quite what to do We were goin’ along with what was goin’ on, sayin’, "I think I love you." And I think about us now every time that I go out smokin’ and drinkin’  Smokin’ and drinkin’ on the weekend like we did back in the day Smokin’ and drinkin’ gets ya thinkin’ about the one that got away Here’s to all those nights when all we felt was like smokin’ and drinkin’  We were livin’ it up sayin’ this town sucks so we painted it on the bridge We were young in love to not know enough that those were the days that we're gonna miss But damn we know it now cause it's all we talk about smokin’ and drinkin’  Smokin’ and drinkin’ on the weekend like we did back in the day Smokin’ and drinkin’ gets ya thinkin’ about the one that got away Here’s to all those nights when all we felt was like smokin’ and drinkin’  Smokin’ and drinkin’ on the weekend like we did back in the day Smokin’ and drinkin’ gets ya thinkin’ about the one that got away Here’s to all those nights when all we felt was like smokin’ and drinkin’  Smokin’ and drinkin’ on the weekend like we did back in the day Smokin’ and drinkin’ gets ya thinkin’ about the one that got away Here’s to all those nights when all we felt was like smokin’ and drinkin’  Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa Smokin’ and drinkin’ Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa Smokin’ and drinkin’|Country
mirandalambert|Priscilla|We look like we got it made, don't we? Permanent accessory On their arms and always on their minds Rings, we gotta wear the real big rings Big smiles like figurines Big hair for the real big kind When they turn it on and slick back their hair We turn around and the world's right there Woman to woman, I'm starting to see What happened to you is happening to me  Priscilla, Priscilla How'd you get him to yourself? Between the whistle calls and Southern dolls It's enough to put a home through Hell Priscilla, Priscilla He's always in high demand How do you or don't you get the love you want when everybody wants your man? It's a difficult thing being Queen to the King And I feel ya Priscilla  Golden gate, we have to put up a gate To find time to procreate Or at least that's what we read Bodyguard, Didn't know I was his bodyguard And I shouldn't have to play the part At least while we're not in bed You and me share a unique position Married to a man who's married to attention Couldn't think of anybody better to ask How to be the first to make it last?  Priscilla, Priscilla How'd you get him to yourself? Between the whistle calls and Southern dolls It's enough to put a home through Hell Priscilla, Priscilla He's always in high demand How do you or don't you get the love you want when everybody wants your man It's a difficult thing being Queen to the King And I feel ya Priscilla  Cause when they turn it on and slick back their hair We turn around and the world's right there Woman to woman, I'm starting to see What happened to you is happenin' to me  Priscilla, Priscilla How'd you get him to yourself? Between the whistle calls and Southern dolls It's enough to put a home, a home through Hell Priscilla, Priscilla He's always in high demand How do you or don't you get the love you want when everybody wants your man It's a difficult thing being Queen to the King And I feel ya It's a difficult thing being Queen to the King And I feel ya Priscilla|Country
mirandalambert|Bathroom Sink|Puttin' on my makeup Puttin' off the hard stuff Hopin' that it passes Fake smile &amp; eyelashes I wash my hands and try not to think Or dirty up my bathroom sink  I'm at it again with mama Everybody's so tired of the drama We're still fightin' like I'm sixteen And I guess we always will be She taught me how to pray and drink And how to clean the bathroom sink  <i>[Chorus:]</i> It's amazin', the amount of rejection That I see in my reflection And I can't get out of the way I'm lookin' forward to the girl I wanna be But regret has got a way of starin' me right in the face So I try not to waste too much time At the bathroom sink  It all gets complicated And sometimes overrated Glamour at it's finest Just means someone's hidin' From their own reality And the mirror at their bathroom sink  <i>[Chorus:]</i> It's amazin', the amount of rejection That I see in my reflection And I can't get out of the way I'm lookin' forward to the girl I wanna be But regret has got a way of starin' me right in the face So I try not to waste too much time At the bathroom sink  I pray as I get ready For God to make me steady And I thank Him for His patience And I take my medication And bless this day and all it brings And I clean up the bathroom sink|Country
mirandalambert|Old Sh!t|Redman tobacco, Grandpa's two cents, Old timers, "there in a pinch", I'm a fan of it, old shit  Splittin' logs, smokin' hogs Feedin' leftovers to a three legged dog, I'm a fan of it, old shit  One man's trash is another man's treasure, One man's pain is another man's pleasure, If it's out of style, sure drives me wild I'm a fan of it, old shit  Old turntables, vinyl records Hand me down tools, Black and Decker I'm a fan of it, old shit  One man's trash is another man's treasure, One man's pain is another man's pleasure, If it's out of style, sure drives me wild I'm a fan of it, old shit  Singin' hymns, skippin' stones When I think of him I think of home, I'm a fan of it, old shit  Now Grandpa's trash is my treasure He don't feel pain only pleasure If it's out of style, sure drove him wild So I'm a fan of it, old shit Yeah I'm a fan of it, old shit|Country
mirandalambert|All That's Left|Get your shoes on, get your suitcase, your stereo and all of your CDs No more talking, just start walking Cause all that's left for you to do is leave Tell your lawyer it's all over Forget what he's got up his sleeve No more signing, no more whining Cause all that's left for you to do is leave  All that's left for you to do is leave You said goodbye a long, long time ago There's the door, there's your car, here's the keys And all that's left for you to do is leave  Leave the dog here, he don't like you And we'll go walking anytime we please Leave the cat here, leave my hat here, 'Cause all that's left for you to do is leave  I'll keep the diamond on my finger and you'll keep all the bitter memories Leave the dishes, no more kisses, 'Cause all that's left for you to do is leave  All that's left for you to do is leave You said goodbye a long, long time ago There's the door, there's your car, here's the keys And all that's left for you do is leave  All that's left for you to do is leave You said goodbye a long, long time ago There's the door, there's your car, here's the keys And all that's left for you to do is leave  There's the door, there's your car, here's the keys And all that's left for you to do is leave|Country
mirandalambert|Babies Makin' Babies|Two kids from Tacoma In a '72 Nova, No pill and barely old enough to drink, Learned the ropes and tested science, Started pentecostal riots, In just five minutes behind the rolling rink, In the backseat brings  The American dream on a shoestring, First you grow it, then you show it, Give a good push just like a Brady, Say you'll love them 'till your eighty, Too soon to be a mother and father, But too late for the alma mater, Yeah it's always in the water Babies makin' babies  Between diplomas and the diapers, They become couch quarter finders, Savin' up for a Maytag microwave, Oh but all has been forgiven, On the day the water christen, The best thing that could have happened by mistake,  The American dream on a shoestring, First you grow it then you show it, Give a good push just like a Brady, Say you'll love them 'till your eighty, Too soon to be a mother and father, But too late for the alma mater, Yeah it's always in the water Babies makin' babies  Well it's a tried and true equation, maintains a small town population, Thats turns us all into a family,  The American dream on a shoestring, First you grow it then you show it, Give a good push just like a Brady, Say you'll love them 'till you're eighty, Too soon to be a mother and father, But too late for the alma mater, Yeah its always in the water, Babies makin' babies  Yes it's always in the water, Babies makin babies|Country
mirandalambert|Somethin' Bad|Stand on the bar, stomp your feet, start clapping Got a real good feeling something bad about to happen  <i>[Miranda:]</i> Pulled up to the church but I got so nervous Had to back it on up, couldn't make it to the service Grabbed all the cash underneath my mattress Got a real good feelin' something bad about to happen  <i>[Carrie:]</i> Ran into a girl in a pretty white dress Rolled down a window, where you heading to next? Said I'm heading to the bar with my money out the mattress Got a real good feeling something bad about to happen…  Stand on the bar, stomp your feet, start clapping Got a real good feeling something bad about to happen Drinks keep coming, throw my head back laughing Wake up in the morning don't know what happened  Whoa… Something bad Whoa… Something bad  <i>[Carrie:]</i> Now me and that girl that I met on the street We're rollin' down the road, down to New Orleans Got a full tank of gas and the money out the mattress Got a real good feelin' something bad about to happen  <i>[Miranda:]</i> 'Bout to tear it up down in New Orleans Just like a real-life Thelma and Louise If the cops catch up, they're gonna call it kidnapping Got a real good feelin' something bad about to happen  Stand on the bar, stomp your feet, start clapping Got a real good feeling something bad about to happen Drinks keep coming, throw my head back laughing Wake up in the morning don't know what happened  Whoa… Something bad Whoa… Something bad  Stand on the bar, stomp your feet, start clapping Got a real good feeling something bad about to happen Now the drinks keep coming, throw my head back laughing Wake up in the morning don't know what happened  Whoa… Something bad Whoa… Something bad|Country
mirandalambert|Holding on to You|I've seen the south of France I've seen the sunset dance Over Sunset Avenue I've seen the Rolling Stones Got real high on rock and roll Seen a lot of dreams come true But ain't no moment like when I'm holding on to you Ain't no moment like when I'm holding on to you  Baby, over the years I've been moved to tears By the wonders of this old world One of God's mysteries That never fails to get to me Is the moment when I'm holding on to you Ain't no moment like when I'm holding on to you  I've seen a newborn child Puts stars in her mama's eyes And i pray to the man in the moon I got drunk with the highway men Felt the burn of the desert wind Seen some promising I-dos Ain't no moment like when I'm holding on to you Ain't no moment like when I'm holding on to you  Baby, over the years I've been moved to tears By the wonders of this old world One of God's mysteries That never fails to get to me Is the moment when I'm holding on to you Ain't no moment like when I'm holding on to you  Baby, we just rolled in It's cold here in Michigan Got a sold-out show tonight Pretty soon we'll hit the stage I'll feel the lights hit my face We'll see some magic in the room Ain't no moment like when I'm holding on to you Ain't no moment like when I'm holding on to you  No, no, no, no  Ain't no moment like when I'm holding on to you Ain't no moment like when I'm holding on to you|Country
mirandalambert|Two Rings Shy|I ain’t gonna get dressed up just to be your clown Ain’t gonna paint this pretty face like you paint the town I ain’t wastin’ good mascara just to watch it runnin’ down I ain’t gonna get dressed up just to be your clown  I could spend an hour on my make-up and my hair Shoes too tall, dress too small and lacy underwear Go down to the bar, buy myself a drink Dangle there all perfect, like a puppet on a string  I ain’t gonna get dressed up just to be your clown Ain’t gonna paint this pretty face like you paint the town I ain’t wastin’ good mascara just to watch it runnin’ down I ain’t gonna get dressed up just to be your clown  You got girls that sing and dance, I hear one's an acrobat You got ‘em swinging from the chandelier, well, honey I don’t swing like that The main attraction’s leaving, let the sideshow pay the rent Take this diamond back, and you'll be two rings shy of the big top tent  I ain’t gonna get dressed up just to be your clown Ain’t gonna paint this pretty face like you paint the town I ain’t wastin’ good mascara just to watch it runnin’ down I ain’t gonna get dressed up just to be your clown  I ain’t gonna get dressed up just to be your clown Tiptoe ‘cross the tightrope, 'til you turn me upside down Cut the cable, pull the net just to let me hit the ground I ain’t gonna get dressed up just to be your clown|Country
mirandalambert|Hard Staying Sober|It's hard staying sober when you ain't staying over It's easy getting messed up on the truth It's hard standing here watching taillights disappear It's hard staying sober when I'm getting over you  It's hard to the leave the house when all I think about Is how hard it might be to come back home I wait here and watch the rain when you come back for all your things You'll get what you want and then you'll go  It's hard staying sober when you ain't staying over It's easy getting messed up on the truth It's hard standing here watching taillights disappear It's hard staying sober when I'm getting over you  It's hard to quit this smoking when my will to fight is broken It's hard to quit a habit in a rush Hits me in the morning, just like you I'm looking for them Can't seem to put down this pick-me-up  It's hard staying sober when you ain't staying over It's easy getting messed up on the truth It's hard standing here watching taillights disappear It's hard staying sober when I'm getting over you  Why you think the world drinks? Why you think the world smokes? Why you think we all sit around and tell a bunch of dirty jokes?  Somebody somewhere is out having a ball And somebody's laying around heartbroke  Why you think we all drink? Why you think we all smoke?  Why you think we all drink? Why you think we all smoke?|Country
mirandalambert|Another Sunday in the South|Only thing moving out here is this swing on the front porch And the sun's beating down heatin' up this house like blow torch Sitting here singing Dixie with a whistle Man, it's hotter than a two-dollar pistol Baby, I know that it's only 11:30 But sure as hell or high water I'm gettin' kinda thirsty I don't need your mama's lemonade I need something from a can or a bottle on ice  Just another Sunday in the South Wanna put on some Shenandoah and crank it loud You and me go Fishin' in the Dark Killin' time with Restless Heart Just another Sunday in the South  There's church bells ringin' Down the road and we ain't goin' I'm singin' Hallelujah right here with the warm wind blowin' Next to you, Sitting next to me and we're shaking that sugar tree  Just another Sunday in the South Wanna put on some Shenandoah and crank it loud All you gotta do is give me that wink Man, this ain't no thinkin' thing Just another Sunday in the South  Well, honey, it's a far cry From our crazy lives All you gotta do is turn on the radio It'll take us back It'll take us home  Just another Sunday in the South Wanna put on some Shenandoah and crank it loud You and me go fishin' in the dark Killin' time with Restless Heart Just another Sunday in the South I'm gonna put on some Shenandoah and crank it loud All you gotta do is give me that wink Man, this ain't no thinkin' thing Just another Sunday in the South Just another Sunday Yeah Just another Sunday (I can hear my mama callin') just another sunday (Sweet Sunday) Just another Sunday Oooohh In the South|Country
jasonaldean|Got What I Got|She said, "Baby, do you ever miss bein' alone?" I said, "Hell no, I don't" She said, "Do you really think I'm where you belong?" I said, "You know and I know..."  You're perfect for me Everything I'll ever need I ain't playin' What I'm sayin'  When I got what I got I don't miss what I had The old me before you belongs to the past In the back of your mind you might think there's somethin' more I want But when I got what I got, girl, I don't  I said, "Baby, do you know you sound a little crazy, When you're talkin' like that, girl?" Ain't no second thoughts, no regrets, no kinda maybe No wishin' I'd turn back  Before you came along I could go on and on Girl, just kiss me You're all that I want  When I got what I got I don't miss what I had The old me before you belongs to the past In the back of your mind you might think there's somethin' more I want But when I got what I got, girl, I don't  She said, "Baby, do you ever miss bein' alone?" I said, "Hell no, I don't"  When I got what I got I don't miss what I had The old me before you belongs to the past In the back of your mind you might think there's somethin' more I want But when I got what I got, girl, I don't No, I don't No, I don't When I got what I got, girl, I don't|Country
kennychesney|Never Wanted Nothing More|Couldn't wait to turn 16 and drive all the boy's around Foot on the gas and hands on the wheel was all I could think about A little rust in the bed of that truck and a four speed on the floor Five-hundred dollars it was mine, all mine and I never wanted nothin' more  I took Katie down by the river with a six dollar bottle of wine Just a fool tryin' to play it cool hopin' she'd let me cross the line I was praying that she couldn't tell I never been that far before The first time's a one time feeling and I never wanted nothin' more, No I never wanted nothin' more..  <i>[Chorus]</i> Well I'm what I am and I'm what I'm not I'm sure happy with what I've got I live to love and laugh a lot And thats all I need  My buddies all tried to change my mind But I told them that I'd thought it through Katie laughed and my mama cried when they heard me say "I do" Her little ring is a little thing, but its all I could afford Now she's mine, all mine till the day I die, and I never wanted nothin' more  <i>[Chorus]</i>  One Sunday I listened to the preacher and I knew he was preaching to me I couldn't help it I walked up front and I got down on my knees Right then and there, I swear I changed when I found the Lord Glory Hallelujah, good God almighty I never wanted nothin' more  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Never wanted nothin' more... And I never wanted nothin' more|Country
kennychesney|Don't Blink|I turned on the evening news Saw a old man being interviewed Turning a hundred and two today Asked him what's the secret to life He looked up from his old pipe Laughed and said, "All I can say is  Don't blink Just like that You're six years old and you take a nap And you wake up and you're twenty-five And your high-school sweetheart becomes your wife Don't blink You just might miss Your babies growing like mine did Turning into moms and dads Next thing you know Your better half of fifty years is there in bed And you're praying God takes you instead Trust me friend A hundred years goes faster than you think So don't blink."  Well I was glued to my TV When it looked like he looked at me And said, "Best start putting first things first 'Cause when your hourglass runs out of sand You can't flip it over and start again Take every breath God gives you for what it's worth  Don't blink 'Cause just like that You're six years old and you take a nap And you wake up and you're twenty-five And your high-school sweetheart becomes your wife Don't blink You just might miss Your babies growing like mine did Turning into moms and dads Next thing you know Your better half of fifty years is there in bed And you're praying God takes you instead Trust me friend A hundred years goes faster than you think So don't blink."  So I've been tryna slow it down I've been tryna take it in In this here-today-gone-tomorrow world we're livin' in  Don't blink Just like that You're six years old and you take a nap And you wake up and you're twenty-five And your high-school sweetheart becomes your wife Don't blink You just might miss Your babies growing like mine did Turning into moms and dads Next thing you know Your better half of fifty years is there in bed And you're praying God takes you instead Trust me friend A hundred years goes faster than you think So don't blink  No, don't blink Don't blink Life goes faster than you think So don't blink Life goes faster than you think Don't blink Don't blink Life goes faster than you think|Country
kennychesney|Shiftwork|Shift work, hard work, tired body Blue-collar shirt and a baseball cap You knew me  He's hot, sweat drops, 'round the clock Door never locks Noise never stops Not all day Work seven to three Three to eleven Eleven to seven  Shift work, tough work for the busy convenience store clerk Two feet that hurt, going insane She's mad at some lad Drove off and didn't pay for his gas and he won't be the last 'round the clock pain Work seven to three Three to eleven Eleven to seven  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Talking about a bunch of shift work A big ol' pile of shift work Work seven to three Three to eleven Eleven to seven  Well i work, shift work, Ten years man, i hated that work I made a break with the money i saved It took me to the beach to have a beer by the edge of the sea And this 'round a clock place I drank my money away We partied Work seven to three Three to eleven Eleven to seven  <i>[Chorus]</i>  <i>[instrumental interlude]</i>  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Work seven to three Three to eleven Eleven to seven|Country
kennychesney|Just Not Today|She played third base on a softball team Had a pretty good arm and real nice swing I was workin part out at Gentry's farm I had thing for a girl in a uniform After the game she was mine, young, wild and free Yeah old Mr. Gentry was pretty cool He said son I'd know where I'd be And what I'd say if it was me  <i>[Chorus]</i> One of these days Were guna have to grow up Have to get real jobs and be adults, someday Just not today Have to worry about things out of our control Like kids, love and money and gettin old, someday Just not today, just not today  Had a rope swing hangin from a sycamore tree By a deep wood spot on white sand creek Used to walk barefoot, down a little dirt path We'd through out the beach towels and Lay on our backs Had four wheel drive trucks parked up in the shade With those speakers blasted We never knew how much we really had it made, Without a care in a world we'd say  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  Have to show some maturity, responsibility Pay the old fiddler, face reality Maybe tomorrow the order of wise Will be, god love us we'll be  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  Just not today Just not today|Country
kennychesney|Wife and Kids|Everybody thinks I've got it all Nobody really does, do they? I've got more than I deserve, more than I ever dreamed But there's always a price you pay It's been an amazing road I've been blessed, I know But at the end of the day I go home alone  I still hope someday I'll have a wife and kids Smiling faces running to the door when I walk in Saying "Daddy's home, you were gone too long. What'd you bring me? Swing me. Let me show you what I did" I still dream about that look on a woman's face That says I love you through the good, the bad, the sunshine or the rain Sometimes I wish I had someone to share my life with Maybe I'll have a wife and kids Maybe someday....  Maybe I could have a son Play football in the backyard Or take my daughter fishin', and when she turns 15 teach her how to drive a car When I grow old and they've all left home I want to lay beside my wife and talk about the old times, remember all the good times.  I still hope someday I'll have a wife and kids Smiling faces running to the door when I walk in Saying "Daddy's home, you were gone too long. What'd you bring me? Swing me. Let me show you what I did" I still dream about that look on a woman's face That says I love you through the good, the bad, the sunshine or the rain Sometimes I wish I had someone to share my life with Maybe I'll have a wife and kids Maybe someday....  Sometimes I wish I had someone to share my life with Maybe I'll have a wife and kids Someday... I'll have a wife and kids Maybe someday...|Country
kennychesney|Got a Little Crazy|Steel drums still ringing in my head Well I feel pain, So I'm not dead From the looks of things, it looks like It got a little crazy last night  Could I get your name again? Some situation that we're in Woke up by each others side It got a little crazy last night  Last thing I remember I told the bartender mix rum and whatever you have First one drink, then two then I woke up with you so I know things can't be all that bad But it's still a little hazy, it got a little crazy last night  Are these your shoes that I have on? Is this your bed, is this your home? All I know is, it's not mine It got a little crazy last night  Last thing I remember I told the bartender mix rum and whatever you have First one drink, then two then I woke up with you so I know things can't be all that bad But it's still a little hazy, it got a little crazy last night  I think I feel a fresh tattoo What is it of, I wish I knew It couldn't get more out of sight It got a little crazy last night  Last thing I remember I told the bartender mix rum and whatever you have First one drink, then two then I woke up with you so I know things can't be all that bad But it's still a little hazy, sounds a little shady, I think she might have paid me, it got a little crazy last night  Got a little crazy last night Got a little crazy|Country
kennychesney|Better as a Memory|I move on like a sinners prayer Letting go like a levee breaks Walk away as if I don't care Learn to shoulder my mistakes I'm built to fade like your favorite song Gettin reckless when there's no need Laugh as your stories ramble on Break my heart, but it won't bleed My only friends are pirates That's just who I am I'm better as a memory than as your man  Never sure when the truth won't do I'm pretty good on a lonely night I move on the way a storm blows through I never stay, but then again, I might. I struggle sometimes to find the words Always sure until I doubt Walk a line until it blurs Build walls too high to climb out But I'm honest to a fault That's just who I am I'm better as a memory than as your man  I see you leaning, you're bound to fall I don't want to be that mistake I'm just a dreamer and nothing more You should know it before it gets too late  Cause goodbyes are like a roulette wheel You never know where they're gonna land First you're spinning, then you're standing still Left holding a losing hand But one day you're gonna find someone And right away you'll know it's true That all of your seeking's done It was just a part of the passing through Right there in that moment you'll finally understand That I was better as a memory than as your man Better as a memory than as your man|Country
kennychesney|Dancin' for the Groceries|She's thinking about what her kids are doing Five miles away, it's almost time for bed They're brushing teeth and hearing one more story And in the mirror she paints her lips bright red She wishes she could call and say she loves them But the bossman says no calls go out or in So she puts on a dress that might feel pretty If she didn't have to take it off again  She's dancing for the Groceries She's dancing for the rent She's dancing for the credit cards That she's already spent In sequins and in laces She's dancing for the braces So her kids can a perfect smile someday Smiling While she dances Is the price she has to pay  They tell her in this job there is no future So get it while you can Cause looks don't last There money in those pockets for the take in If u do it right it makes the time go fast The music loud the drinks are mostly water What her name is tonight she cant recall The business men stair at the single mother Whose smiling while she's staring at the wall  She's dancing for the Groceries She's dancing for the rent She's dancing for the credit cards That she's already spent In sequins and in laces She's dancing for the braces So her kids can a perfect smile someday Smiling While she dances Is the price she has to pay  Someday she'll have a house out in the country Someday she'll see the other side of dawn And no one will ever know But it what's she did before She just heard the DJ say your on The lights come up And they play her song|Country
kennychesney|Wild Ride|I walked in, there sat Slim Cleaning up his memory with some sapphire gin Mr. Pain grabbed my arm and pulled me aside And said kid are you ready for the wild ride  I looked up, there she stood I say, didn't look so great, i say you look good Aww she took her hand ran it up my thigh And said, cowboy you ready for the wild ride  Come on now junior take a wild ride (wild ride) See can you make it on the wild ride (wild ride) Don't try no shakin' on the wild ride (wild ride) Things start breakin' on the wild ride (wild ride) Yes it does  Out on the highway, i saw my mind In tiny little pieces blown from side to side My heart was shattered along with my pride Guess you can't keep 'em on the wild ride  Come on now junior take a wild ride (wild ride) See can you make it on the wild ride (wild ride) Don't try no shakin' on the wild ride (wild ride) Things start breakin' on the wild ride (wild ride) Yeah it does  I was crawling cross the floor, i was tryin' to leave When i felt something tugging what was left of my sleeve I heard a little voice with a gold plated vibe Say i bought a ticket for the wild ride  Come on now junior take a wild ride (wild ride) See can you make it on the wild ride (wild ride) Don't try no shakin' on the wild ride (wild ride) We just might break it on the wild ride (wild ride)  Come on now junior take a wild ride (wild ride) See can you make it on the wild ride (wild ride) Don't try no shakin' on the wild ride (wild ride) We just might break it on the wild ride (wild ride)|Country
kennychesney|Scare Me|I'm not afraid of lonely I've gotten good at being that Ain't seen nothin' that could hold me Say good-bye and don't look back  Running, always ready Feel as strong and steady But you scare me  Took a long walk after midnight Trying to make sense of it all Tried to catch a glimpse of my old life But your face was all i saw  Blue eyes staring through me Baby, what are you doing to me You (never felt this before, it's all brand new to me, never known anyone) scare me You (i'm doing what i said i would never do, too late to stop it now) scare me  Knowing there's no turning back Knowing I don't want to  Baby you (never felt this before, it's all brand new to me, never known anyone) scare me You (I'm doing what I said I would never do, too late to stop it now) scare me Scare me Scare me Baby you scare me Scare me|Country
kennychesney|Demons|Sometimes they're in a bottle, Sometimes a pair of high-heel shoes, Some come rolled in paper Some have six strings and only play the blues Once you've met the devil There ain't no way he'll let you be When I'm not chasing demons, There's demons chasing me  Skeletons in closets Ghosts underneath the bed They hide out in pictures And words better left unsaid They hang around like perfume And haunt me like an ancient melody When I'm not chasing demons, There's demons chasing me  There's things that I can't leave alone 'Cause they won't leave me alone What I want ain't what I need Still I reach for the things I crave Then try to run away Am I afraid of being free 'Cause when I'm not chasing demons There's demons chasing me  So roll one up and light it Pick up my old guitar I'm playing crossroads Drinking whiskey from a mason jar Heartache at my front door Says she needs my company When I'm not chasing demons There's demons chasing me  There's things that I can't leave alone 'Cause they won't leave me alone What I want ain't what I need Still I reach for the things I crave Then try to run away Am I afraid of being free 'Cause when I'm not chasing demons There's demons chasing me  When I'm not chasing demons There's demons chasing me  Demons chasing me <i>[repeats]</i>|Country
kennychesney|All I Want for Christmas Is a Real Good Tan|Ooooo, don't you think it's a pretty good plan? All I want for Christmas is a real good tan..  All I want for Christmas is a real good tan, take me to the Islands put my feet in the sand, rockin' to and fro with the rhythm of the ocean.  singin Silent Night with the palm trees ablowin'..  Ooooo, don't you think it's a pretty good plan? All I want for Christmas is a real good tan.  Well, if you're thinkin' bout getting me a present this year, let me put a bug in your cute little ear, How bout two tickets to a tropical shore,  where we don't have to wear these winter clothes anymore, instead of turkey we'll have mahi-mahi grill, and Pina Coladas in the blender chillin'..  All I want for Christmas is a real good tan, take me to the Islands put my feet in the sand, rockin' to and fro with the rhythm of the ocean,  singin Silent Night with the palm trees ablowin'..  Ooooo, don't you think it's a pretty good plan?(its a real good plan) All I want for Christmas is a real good tan..  Well everybody's praying for a Christmas so white, come to think about it, that'd be alright, as long as it's sand and not snow on the ground, and everyday our skin gets a little more brown, We'll string some lights in a coconut tree, I'll rub some oil on you, and you can rub some on me..  All I want for Christmas is a real good tan, I can see us baby on the beach hand in hand, rockin' to and fro with the rhythm of the ocean.. Baby won't you say you and me we'll be going? Ooooo, I can almost feel my toes in the sand,(my toes in the sand) All I want for Christmas is a real good tan..  Don't worry baby, we'll celebrate plenty, I'll buy you some shades and a brand new bikini.. We won't have to worry about the holiday rush, it'll be you and me fallin' deeper in love..  Ooooo, don't you think it's a pretty good plan?(its a real good plan) All I want for Christmas is a real good tan.. (a real good tan)  All I want for Christmas is a real good tan..|Country
kennychesney|Jingle Bells|Jingle bells, jingle bells  Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride  In a one horse sleigh, hey.  Jingle bells, jingle bells  Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride  In a one horse open sleigh.  Dashing through the snow  In a one horse open sleigh Over the fields we go  Laughing all the way Bells on bobtail ring  Making sprits bright What fun it is to ride and sing  A sleighing song tonight.  Oh, Jingle bells, jingle bells  Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride  In a one horse open sleigh. Hey!  Jingle bells, jingle bells  Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride  In a one horse open sleigh.  You know I hate the cold That's why I always go Down south to drink some rum On a island in the sun.  There's nothing like St. Croix With the palm trees swaying slow Or being there on an open dock When the New Year comes and goes.  Oh, jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride  In a one horse open sleigh, hey.  Jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride  In a one horse open sleigh...|Country
kennychesney|I'll Be Home for Christmas|I'm dreaming tonight  Of a place I love  Even more than I usually do.  And although I know  It's a long road back  I promise you   I'll be home for Christmas.  You can count on me.  Please have snow and mistletoe  And presents under the tree.  Christmas Eve will find me  Where the love-light gleams.  I'll be home for Christmas  If only in my dreams.   Oh oh ah I'll be home for Christmas.   You can count on me.  Please have snow and mistletoe  And presents under the tree.  Oh Christmas Eve will find me  Where the love-light gleams.  I'll be home for Christmas  If only in my dreams.   If only yeah  Well now, if only, only, only, only  If only in my dreams.  If only  Well, well, well Lord  If only oh  If only in my dreams.|Country
kennychesney|Christmas in Dixie|By now in New York City, there's snow on the ground And out in California, the sunshine's falling down And, maybe down in Memphis, Graceland's all in lights And in Atlanta, Georgia, there's peace on earth tonight.  Chirstmas in Dixie, it's snowin' in the pines Merry Christmas from Dixie, to everyone tonight.  It's windy in Chicago. The kids are out of school There's magic in Motown. The city's on the move In Jackson, Mississippi, to Charlotte, Caroline And all across the nation, it's the peaceful Christmas time.  Chirstmas in Dixie, it's snowin' in the pines Merry Christmas from Dixie, to everyone tonight.  And from Fort Payne, Alabama And Knoxville, Tennessee Merry Christmas tonight...|Country
kennychesney|Thank God for Kids|If it weren't for kids have you ever thought There wouldn't be no Santa Clause Look what the stork just brought Thank God for Kids.  We'd all live in a quiet house Without Big Bird or a Mickey Mouse And Kool-aid on the couch Thank God for Kids.  Thank God for kids there's magic for a while A special kind of sunshine in a smile Do you ever stop to think? or wonder why? The nearest thing to Heaven is a child.  Daddy how does this thing fly? A hundred other where's and why's You really don't know but we try Thank God for Kids.  When you look down in those trustin eyes That look to you, you realize Its love that you can't buy Thank God for Kids.  Thank God for there's magic for a while A special kind of sunshine in a smile Do you ever stop to think? or wonder why? The nearest thing to Heaven is a child.  When you get down on your knees tonight To thank the Lord for his guiding light And pray they turn out right Thank God for Kids.  Thank God for Kids...|Country
kennychesney|Silver Bells|City side walks, busy side walks Dressed in holiday style In the air there's a feeling of Christmas Children laughing People passing Meeting smile after smile And in every corner you'll hear  Silver Bells Silver Bells It's Christmas time in the city Ring a ling hear them ring Soon it will be Christmas day  Strings of street lights Even stop lights Blink a bright red and green As the shoppers rush home with their treasures Hear the snow crunch See the kids bunch This is Santa's big seen And above all the bustle you'll hear  Silver Bells Silver Bells It's Christmas time in the city Ring a ling hear them ring Soon it will be Christmas day Soon it will be Christmas day  Christmas day Silver Bells Silver Bells Silver Bells|Country
kennychesney|Just a Kid|Well, the news spread through Jerusalem Tonight a child is born There are shepherds falling to their knees And angels blowing horns.  But in their golden halls the Pharisees Scoffed and drank there wines They said it's only Hebrew prophesy We don't care and besides.  He's just a kid that's all He is On more pebble in the gravel One more rumour in the rabel How can He be king, He's just a kid?  Well, in no time it seemed the world Was knocking on His door For miracles and wonders They had never seen before.  Soon the Pharisees stopped laughing And the silver sum was paid And near the end He knelt down In the garden and He prayed.  I'm just a kid that's all I am I'll need your strength to see me through it And if it is your will I'll do it How can I be King, I'm just a kid?  Now I think about the baby And the man at Christmas time Of mother's sons and fathers And children just like mine.  About the power in our Selfishness Love and sacrifice The gift that we we're given and the price.  And how the news spread through Jerusalem Tonight a child is born There are shepherds falling to there knees And angels blowing horns.  I wonder how on earth the Pharisees Could scoffed and drink their wine And say he's only Hebrew prophecy We don't care and besides.  He just a kid, that's all He is One more pebble in the gravel One more rumour in the rabel How can He be King, He's just a kid?  Oh, how can He be King, He's just a kid?...|Country
kennychesney|The Angel at the Top of My Tree|Slide on over baby Underneath this mistletoe Here's a toast to us together Let me wrap you in this bow.  I'll mend Christmas spirits This one won't be blue It's gonna be the best one ever And it's all because of you, baby.  You're the angel at the top of my tree Best present anybody ever gave me I got it decorated on and the gift's underneath You're the angel at the top of my tree.  Let's put on that old movie It's a wonderful night 'Cause curled up by the fire It sure is true tonight.  Let's make a little candle And the a little later on We'll make a little love To that old Bill Cosby song, baby.  You're the angel at the top of my tree Best present anybody ever gave me I got it decorated on and the gift's underneath You're the angel at the top of my tree.  You're the angel at the top of my tree Best present anybody ever gave me I got it decorated on and the gift's underneath You're the angel at the top of my tree.  Baby you're the angel...|Country
kennychesney|Pretty Paper|<i>[Kenny Chesney:]</i> Pretty paper, pretty ribbons of blue Wrap your presents to your darling from you Pretty pencils to write I love you Pretty paper, pretty ribbons of blue  <i>[Willie Nelson:]</i> Crowded street, busy feet, hustle by him Downtown shoppers, Christmas is nigh There he sits all alone on the sidewalk Hoping that you won't pass him by.  <i>[Kenny Chesney:]</i> Should you stop? Better not, much too busy You'd better hurry, my how time does fly And in the distance the ringing of laughter <i>[Willie Nelson:]</i> And in the midst of the laughter he cries  <i>[Kenny Chesney:]</i> Pretty paper, pretty ribbons of blue Wrap your presents to your darling from you <i>[Willie Nelson:]</i> Pretty pencils to write I love you Pretty paper, pretty ribbons of blue  Pretty paper, pretty ribbons of blue <i>[Kenny Chesney:]</i> Wrap your presents to your darling from you <i>[Willie Nelson:]</i> Pretty pencils to write I love you <i>[Kenny Chesney:]</i> Pretty paper, pretty ribbons of blue Oh, pretty paper, pretty ribbons of blue|Country
kennychesney|Silent Night|Silent night, Holy night, All is calm, All is bright, Round young virgin, Mother and child, holy infant so tender and mild, Sleep in heavenly peace, Sleep in heavenly peace.  Silent night, Holy night, Shepards praying at the sight, glory stream from heaven afar, heavenly hole sang halljaulah, Christ the savor is born, Christ the savor is born,  Silent night, Holy night, shout out god, loves pure light, rage of beings from the holy face, with the dawn of amazing grace, Jesus lord at the verge, Jesus lord at the verge.|Country
kennychesney|O Little Town of Bethlehem|O little town of Bethlehem How still we see thee lie Above thy deep and dreamless sleep The silent stars go by Yet in thy dark streets shineth The everlasting Light The hopes and fears of all the years Are met in thee tonight.  For Christ is born of Mary And gathered all above While mortals sleep, the angels keep Their watch of wondering love O morning stars together Proclaim the holy birth And praises sing to God the King And Peace to men on earth.  How silently, how silently The wondrous gift is given! So God imparts to human hearts The blessings of His heaven. No ear may his His coming, But in this world of sin, Where meek souls will receive him still, The dear Christ enters in.  O holy Child of Bethlehem Descend to us, we pray Cast out our sin and enter in Be born to us today We hear the Christmas angels The great glad tidings tell O come to us, abide with us Our Lord Emmanuel...|Country
kennychesney|Come Over|I turn the TV off, to turn it on again Staring at the blades of the fan as it spins around Counting every crack, the clock is wide awake Talking to myself, anything to make a sound  I told you I wouldn’t call, I told you I wouldn’t care But baby climbing the walls gets me nowhere I don’t think that I can take this bed getting any colder Come over, come over, come over, come over, come over  You can say we’re done the way you always do It’s easier to lie to me than to yourself Forget about your friends, you know they’re gonna say We’re bad for each other, but we ain’t good for anyone else  I told you I wouldn’t call, I told you I wouldn’t care But baby climbing the walls gets me nowhere I don’t think that I can take this bed getting any colder Come over, come over, come over, come over, come over  We don’t have to miss each other, come over We don’t have to fix each other, come over We don’t have to say forever, come over You don’t have to stay forever, come over  I told you I wouldn’t call, I told you I wouldn’t care But baby climbing the walls gets me nowhere I don’t think that I can take this bed getting any colder Come over, come over, come over, come over, come over  Come over, come over, come over, come over, come over. Come over, come over, come over, come over, come over.|Country
kennychesney|Welcome to the Fishbowl|You see me and I see you Can't hide nothing 'cause it's all see-through Don't be a fool enough to tell a lie Satellite's watching up in the sky And for all the world to know What we do and where we go Welcome to the fishbowl  You don't have to be famous now to be a star Just get caught on video and there ya are You just lost your privacy Now you're swimmin' around in here with me Everybody else may know It's all a big freak show Welcome to the fishbowl  Everybody's business is everybody's business And it's big business now Who's gonna be the first to get the story out? Who loves who and where are they gonna meet? Covert picture that proves they cheat God, it's getting hard to breathe this way Everybody's life is on display It's gotten out of control Tell me do you feel exposed? Well, welcome to the fishbowl  Everybody's business is everybody's business And it's big business now We're all in here together and we can't get out Welcome to the fishbowl  Everybody else may know It's all a big freak show Welcome to the fishbowl  And for all the world to know What we do and where we go Welcome to the fishbowl Yeah, welcome to the fishbowl  (You had to chase this dream, you had to be a star) Yeah, yeah welcome to the fishbowl (A house in the hills, money, sex, boats, cars) Yeah, yeah welcome to the fishbowl (Well now you got a name that everybody knows) Yeah, yeah welcome to the fishbowl No need to cry or moan Welcome to the fishbowl|Country
kennychesney|I'm a Small Town|Well I’ve been around Since before the trains came through Well I’ve seen a lot But the first time my heart broke in two, Was when they brought those Johnson brothers back, To their momma with a flag  Well I’m a small town  There’s hundreds just like me Yeah but I’m the one Well you happen to be When you learned how to ride your first bike Up and down my street Well you grew up And couldn’t wait to just get out  I’m a small town  Where everyone knows everyone There ain’t no secrets around here Sonny there you love me You hang me for everything I am Either I hold your heart Or I hold you down  I’m a small town  Just a dot there on the map If you blink you miss me Yeah well go ahead and laugh But I’m where you kissed your first someone I’m where you hit your last home run I’m where you lay your grandpa in the ground  Yeah, I’m a small town  Where everyone knows everyone There ain’t no secrets around here Sonny you love me You hang me for everything I am Either I hold your heart Or I hold you down  I’m a small town  You left in a cloud of dust Big city bound But I never once gave up And when you looked into that newborn angel’s eyes And it occurred There was only one place good enough for her  Where everyone knows everyone There ain’t no secrets around here Sonny you love me You hang me for everything I am Either I hold your heart Or I hold you down  I’m a small town  I’m a small town  I’m a small town I’m a small town I’m a small town Yeah I’m a small town|Country
kennychesney|El Cerrito Place|I been hangin' round this place, I been lookin' through your space I been waitin' for you, I've been waitin' for you All the places that you go, all the people that you know I've been lookin' for you, I've been lookin' for you  And all these pretty people up on El Cerrito Place They all got somethin' in their pockets, all got somethin' on their face They roll down to La Brea where it meets the boulevard Singin' hallelujah while they dance over the stars They all say they're goin' far  Me I've been lookin' for you baby, I've been lookin' for you baby I've been lookin' for you baby, I've been lookin' for you baby All night long, all night long, all night long  Someone said they might have seen you where the ocean meets the land So I've been out here all night lookin' for your footprints in the sand Did you hear the ocean singing, baby did you sing along While you danced out in the water to some ol' forgotten song, Were you even here at all?  Me I've been lookin' for you baby, I've been lookin' for you baby I've been lookin' for you baby, I've been lookin' for you baby All night long, all night long, all night long  Somehow I wound up in the desert just after daylight Where the Joshua Trees grow that little place you always liked These pioneer town people ain't got too much to say And if you ever were here baby they ain't givin' you away  Now it's been two days I'm still lookin' for you baby, I've been lookin' for you baby I've been lookin' for you baby, I've been lookin' for you baby All night long, all night long, all night long  And all these pretty people up on El Cerrito Place They all got somethin' in their pockets, all got somethin' on their face  Someone said they might have seen you where the ocean meets the land So I've been out here all night lookin' for your footprints in the sand  Think I'll go back to the city, back to El Cerrito Place That's the last time that I saw that pretty smile upon your face I've been lookin' for you baby|Country
kennychesney|Makes Me Wonder|Stepped off the air plane, I saw your face It's been forever, but it don't feel that way Your hand took my hand like it knew what to do Girl it's so easy to be with you  <i>[Chorus]</i> Makes me wonder <i>[x3]</i> Why we're not in love  Cought up on the coffee, then walk around town Some sidewalk singer was laying it down You started dancin right there on the curb, Thought to myself man there's somethin bout her  <i>[Chorus]</i> Makes me wonder <i>[x3]</i> Why we're not in love  Well I been thinkin bout her Still can't tell ya why All I know is that it's, hard to say goodbye  I got on that air plane, you got in your car Looked out on that city wondering where you are And if your feeling like me just a little bit sad I already miss you, now what's up with that  <i>[Chorus]</i> Make me wonder <i>[x3]</i> Why we're not in love  Makes me wonder <i>[x5]</i> Why we'er not in love|Country
kennychesney|While He Still Knows Who I Am|Drive a Chevy cuz he drove Chevys, Like him I'm a baseball fan. I'm going back to see him While he still knows Who I am.  Mama says he can't remember. Daddy thinks he still can. I'm going back to see him While he still knows Who I am.  This time I'm gonna hug him Instead of just shaking hands. Gonna tell him that I love him While he still knows Who I am.  I only knew him as my father, I'm gonna get to know the man. I'm going back to see him While he still knows Who I am.  This time I'm gonna kiss him Instead of just shaking hands. Gonna tell him that I love him While he still knows Who I am.|Country
kennychesney|Time Flies|So you got a little heartbreak Feeling like a dumb chump Laying in left field Can't believe you got dumped Everything gone wrong But you're listening to the right song  Grab yourself a cheap seat Floating or flying Anything southbound Heading to the islands Grab a little white sand Maybe get your blues tanned  Riptides rippin' The sunset's dippin' You smile that smile Keep on sippin'  Time flies Sitting in the sun When you're feeling numb Time flies When you're having rum When you're having rum  Yeah, you find a little beach bar Down on the water Sail away the Captain Feeling Jolly Roger Talking to a cutie Heading for the booty  Riptides rippin' The sunset's dippin' You smile that smile You'll be saying  Time flies Sitting in the sun Yeah, when you're getting some Time flies When you're having rum When you're having rum  Yeah  Riptides rippin' The sunset's dippin' You smile that smile You'll be saying  Time flies Yeah, when your in the sun Yeah, when you're feeling numb Time flies  Time flies Sitting in the sun Yeah, when you're getting some  Time flies When you're having rum When you're having rum When you're getting some When you're feeling numb|Country
kennychesney|Always Gonna Be You|I could jump on some ol' highway Run a thousand miles or more Unlock some hidden mystery Behind a distant door I could sail the seven oceans Til I crawl upon some long forgotten shore  But it's always gonna be you Always gonna be you I'm lookin' for  I could climb a hundred mountains Leave a hard ol' world behind Wander right across some prairie Like a man out of his mind I could walk and stare into the sun Let it all just burn me deaf and blind But it's always gonna be you... Always gonna be you I'm tryin' to find  Where does a man go for redemption Where does he take a broken heart Shouldn't there be some small exemption If he does all that it takes To admit to his mistakes Til the truth batters and breaks his world apart  I could ask for my forgiveness From the heavens high above Tell myself my prayers are gonna somehow be enough And lay down in some angels bed Convinced I've found the one I'm dreamin' of But it's always gonna be you... Always gonna be you that I love  Where does a man seek his salvation? When does his mind finally go free? Is the pain he feels the only explanation... For believing lies are true For the stone inside his shoe The endless ways that you keep haunting me...  I could find an empty church Get down on my knees Tell myself the mercy Is a matter of degrees Then lay down in some angel's arms Convinced I've found the one I'm dreamin' of But it's always gonna be you... Always gonna be you that I love  Always gonna be you... that I love ...that I love...|Country
kennychesney|You and Tequila|Baby, here I am again Kicking dust in the Canyon wind Waiting for that sun to go down Made it up Mulholland Drive Hell bent on getting high High above the lights of town  'Cause you and Tequila make me crazy Run like poison in my blood One more night could kill me, baby One is one too many, one more is never enough  Thirty days and thirty nights Been putting up a real good fight And there were times I thought you'd win It's so easy to forget The bitter taste the morning left Swore I wouldn't go back there again  'Cause you and Tequila make me crazy Run like poison in my blood One more night could kill me, baby One is one too many, one more is never enough  When it comes to you Oh, the damage I could do It's always your favorite sins That do you in  'Cause you and Tequila make me crazy Run like poison in my blood One more night could kill me, baby One is one too many, one more is never enough  Never enough You and Tequila You and Tequila|Country
kennychesney|Be as You Are|Man, I could use a Pina Colada Little bit of sun on my skin A hammock, a book Never gonna look back Once my feet hit the sand I've had it up to here with this rat race Need a smile on my face  I wanna go where I can lighten up the load Drive a little while on the wrong side of the road Get this laying low off to a flying start Play my guitar in the Caribbean sun Hang with the locals at the Quiet Mon Where you can be a tourist, a beach bum, or a star And be as you are  Gettin' stuck sure would be easy In this palm tree paradise Ambition fades with every wave For the finer things in life Maybe I'll just hang around here Go home later next year  I wanna go where I can lighten up the load Drive a little while on the wrong side of the road Get this laying low off to a flying start Play my guitar in the Caribbean sun Hang with the locals at the Quiet Mon Where you can be a tourist, a beach bum, or a star And be as you are  I wanna play my guitar in the Caribbean sun Hang with the locals at the Quiet Mon Where you can be a tourist, a beach bum, or a star And be as you are Be as you are|Country
kennychesney|Guitars and Tiki Bars|Tired of my beeper, tired of my phone Tired of this tired ol' tie I got on Sick of this traffic jam that I'm in We all get sick of it all now and then When I've had it up to here I go down there  To guitars, tiki bars and a whole lotta love Mangoes and Marley, you know, fit me like a glove Sixth gear with nowhere to steer When enough is enough It's guitars, tiki bars and a whole lotta love  I feel like a fish jerked out of the sea Or a bird in a cage that's never seen a key Sick of this grind and I think that I ought To bring this grind to a grinding halt Now I've had it up to here Let's go down there  To guitars, tiki bars and a whole lotta love Mangoes and Marley, you know, fit me like a glove Sixth gear with nowhere to steer When enough is enough It's guitars, tiki bars and a whole lotta love  Now I've had it up to here Let's go down there  To guitars, tiki bars and a whole lotta love Mangoes and Marley, you know, fit me like a glove Sixth gear with nowhere to steer When enough is enough It's guitars, tiki bars and a whole lotta love|Country
kennychesney|Island Boy|He left Maine 'cause he needed a change And he was desperate to rearrange priorities And he thought the sea would be the best place to be So he saved his money, sold his car And with his eye set on a Southern star Got the courage to follow his heart Set out for a brand new start  He's an island boy Now he's an island boy Living his life where stress is the enemy Now he's an island boy A stone's throw from St. Croix He's finally found his piece of serenity  Now he tends bar at the Old Mango And he sees tourists come and go With their pressed pants and camera case Too much sun burned on their face Now he watches the snow on CNN With all of his dope-smokin' friends Just look at the hell they must be in Swears he won't go back again  He's an island boy Now he's an island boy Living his life where stress is the enemy Now he's an island boy A stone's throw from St. Croix He's finally found his piece of serenity  You know the love of his life has always been Emily She loves the man she sees In her island boy Now he's an island boy Living his life where stress is the enemy Now he's an island boy A stone's throw from St. Croix He's finally found his piece of serenity  Island boy A stone's throw from St. Croix Island boy Island boy Island boy|Country
kennychesney|Somewhere in the Sun|Stuck here at a Holiday Inn near Austin, Texas Seen all the road that I want to see God I hate the snow, they even cancelled the show Makes me long for where I really want to be  Oh I wish I was there tonight on Jost Van Dyke Sipping on some Foxy's Firewater rum Or kickin' back with Ivan With all my friends down in the islands Wouldn't take much for me to up and run To another life somewhere in the sun  Got cold fajitas and only one channel on the TV Andy and Barney on Nick at Nite Seen an ad for Mexico, God I really want to go Anywhere out of mind and out of sight  Oh I wish I was there tonight on Jost Van Dyke Sipping on some Foxy's Firewater rum Or kickin' back with Ivan With all my friends down in the islands Wouldn't take much for me to up and run To another life somewhere in the sun  Here's a toast to you on the coast and the sailors out at sea Drink your ales, hoist your sails Ride the winds and think of me, 'cause  Oh I wish I was there tonight on Jost Van Dyke Sipping on some Foxy's Firewater rum Or kickin' back with Ivan With all my friends down in the islands Wouldn't take much for me to up and run To another life somewhere in the sun  Somewhere in the sun|Country
kennychesney|Boston|She comes from Boston, works at the jewelry store Down in the harbor, where the ferries come to shore She never really knew how good it would feel To finally find herself in a place, so warm and real  She wears a Red Sox cap to hide her baby dreads The girl she was in New England, is different now and dead In all the local bars, she flirts and tells the boys While they're talking, she's from Boston  She comes from Boston, talks to her family, now and then Through e-mails and post-cards, she tries to explain to them That education and occupation will have to wait for now She loves the Rosta Reggae rhythms, her dreams have changed somehow  She wears a Red Sox cap to hide her baby dreads The girl she was in New England, is different now and dead In all the local bars, she flirts and tells the boys While they're talking, she's from Boston  Her toes dig deep and deeper in the sand She's seduced by the sunsets and her new life at hand  She wears a Red Sox cap to hide her baby dreads The girl she was in New England, is different now and dead In all the local bars, she flirts and tells the boys While they're talking, she's from Boston  She wears a Red Sox cap to hide her baby dreads  From Boston She came to this island from Boston|Country
kennychesney|There's Something Sexy About the Rain|There's something sexy about the rain She said as it came pouring down It feels like kisses on my skin She spread her arms and spun around In a summer island storm In a field of sugarcane She taught me how and showed me why  There's something sexy about the rain And sometimes it rained all night And everything she did was perfect And every way we were was right We loved like there was no tomorrow Then suddenly tomorrow came And it was raining at the airport And kept on raining on the plane  She only loved me for a season But my heart won't ever be the same Even now her love's the reason  There's something sexy about the rain And sometimes when it's pouring down I feel her kisses on my skin I spread my arms and spin around And let that summer island storm Hit me like a hurricane It's like she's right here whispering There's something sexy about the rain  She followed me back to the city In a picture in my mind She's still young and she's still pretty And even after all this time  There's something sexy about the rain She said as it came pouring down It feels like kisses on my skin She spread her arms and spun around In a summer island storm In a field, in a field of sugarcane She taught me how and showed me why There's something sexy about the rain  She taught me how and she's still why There's something sexy about the rain Something sexy about the rain Feels like kisses on my skin In a summer island storm Something sexy|Country
kennychesney|Key Lime Pie|Big straw hat, banana drink I can't remember what it is I think And my, my, my - my key lime pie  Ocean breeze, tire swing Coconut fall if you shake that thing And my, my, my - my key lime pie  Not too tart, not too sweet My baby loves to watch me eat Her key lime pie Her key lime pie  Tall green tree, yellow bird Bikini bottom and a tie-dyed shirt And my, my, my - my key lime pie  Big white sail, red sunset Lobster tail and don't forget My, my, my - my key lime pie  A six string, ten shots Of Cruzan rum, hey, I like it a lot With my, my, my - my key lime pie  Tortola, a full moon Shining down on a blue lagoon And my, my, my - my key lime pie  Not too tart, not too sweet My baby loves to watch me eat Her key lime pie Her key lime pie  We got Ginger and Mary Ann Cookin' up a real good tan And my, my, my - my key lime pie  Key lime pie, key lime pie Key lime pie, my my my My, my, my key lime pie Key lime pie, key lime pie My, my, my key lime pie|Country
kennychesney|Sherry's Living in Paradise|Sherry's living in paradise Slinging drinks at a bar down by the beach And you know she came here from LA. Southern California could not hold her dreams She's happy now it seems  'Cause Sherry's living, living in paradise Chasing something or running from something Had a lot of lovers that were good for nothing And she's thought about leaving once or twice But she's still in the sun and this laid-back life Sherry's living in paradise  Sherry's living in paradise Somehow the salty air, it soothes her soul Says it makes her whole She gets hit on by the tourists But she brushes it off 'cause she's heard every line She just takes it in stride  'Cause Sherry's living, living in paradise Chasing something or running from something Had a lot of lovers that were good for nothing And she's thought about leaving once or twice But she's still in the sun and this laid-back life Sherry's living in paradise  She's thought about leaving once or twice But she's still in the sun and this laid-back life Sherry's living in paradise|Country
kennychesney|Magic|I believe there's magic here in these sails In the wake of these old pirate trails That cut through the water and the atmosphere I believe there is magic here  It's in buried treasure under the sea In the music that drifts out on the street It's in the barflies drinking their beer I believe there's magic here  This crazy rock has got a lot Of romance and sex appeal It's lazy days with Hemingway And I gotta say that it captures me still  'Cause I believe there's magic in those beachside dives Under the moon as it's changing the tides Friends they go away, then they reappear I believe there is magic here  This crazy rock has got a lot Of romance and sex appeal It's lazy days with Hemingway And I gotta say that it captures me still  'Cause I believe there's magic in those beachside dives Under the moon as it's changing the tides Friends they go away, then they reappear I believe there is magic here  Friends they go away, then they reappear I believe there is magic A whole lotta magic I believe there is magic here I believe there is magic A whole lotta magic I believe there is magic here|Country
kennychesney|Soul of a Sailor|He walked in with a salty sway Lookin' like Blackbeard in his day A brother in arms just like me I was born a son of the sea I can't be still, I can't be tied The only time I feel alive is  When the wind fills my sail Riding on a lifelong swell Let my heart take me where it wants to go That's the soul of a sailor, the soul of a sailor  He slid a stool and a beer to me Said, you know, we're both a dying breed Here's to love lost and newfound friends And living out life in the boat we're in I can't be still, I can't be tied The only time I feel alive is  When the wind fills my sail Riding on a lifelong swell Let my heart take me where it wants to go That's the soul of a sailor, the soul of a sailor  Let my heart take me where it wants to go That's the soul of a sailor, the soul of a sailor|Country
kennychesney|Young|Looking back now, well it makes me laugh We were growin our hair, we were cuttin' class Knew it all already, there was nothing to learn We were strikin' matches just to watch 'em burn  Listen to our music just a little too loud We were hangin' in there with the outcast crowd Headin' to the rapids with some discount beer It was a long train tussle but we had no fear  Man I don't know, where the time goes But It sure goes fast, just like that We were wanna be rebels who didn't have a clue With our Rock n' roll T-shirts, and our typically bad attitudes Had no excuses for the things that we'd done We were brave, we were crazy, we were mostly Young  Talked a good game when we were out with the guys But in the back seat we were awkward and shy Girls were a mystery that we couldn't explain And I guess there are some things that are never gonna change  Man I don't know, where the time goes But It sure goes fast, just like that We were wanna be rebels who didn't have a clue With our Rock n' roll T-shirts, and our typically bad attitudes Had no excuses for the things that we'd done We were brave, we were crazy, we were mostly Young Young, Young, Yeah Wishin' we were older Young, Hey I wish it wasn't over  Man I don't know, where the time goes But It sure goes fast, just like that We were wanna be rebels who didn't have a clue With our Rock n' roll T-shirts, and our typically bad attitudes Had no excuses for the things that we'd done We were brave, we were crazy, we were mostly Young Young, Hey wishin' we were older, wish it wasn't over|Country
kennychesney|I Remember|I'm sittin here alone Thoughts of you run wild I'm longin for your touch Haunted by your smile No use tryin to erase No one could ever take your place  Well I remember how it used to feel Back when our love was strong and real And I remember tears in your eyes As I looked at you and said goodbye All I want right now is to forget Every single thing that I regret And drown out these embers...but I remember  It's yesterday again Here inside my mind And I can't find a way To leave your love behind I wanna wake up to the day Your memory won't stand in my way  Well I remember how it used to feel Back when our love was strong and real And I remember tears in your eyes As I looked at you and said goodbye All I want right now is to forget Every single thing that I regret And drown out these embers... but I remember  Well I wanna wake up to the day Your memory won't stand in my way  Well I remember how it used to feel Back when our love was strong and real And I remember tears in your eyes As I looked at you and said goodbye All I want right now is to forget Every single thing that I regret And drown out these embers...but I remember And I remember...ohhhhhh Oh I remember ya baby All of you my baby|Country
kennychesney|A Lot of Things Different|I'd spend a lot more time in the pouring rain without an umbrella Covering my head And I'd stood up to that bully when he pushed and called me names But I was too afraid And I'd a gone on and saw Elvis that night he came to town But mama said I couldn't And I'd a went skinny dipping with Jenny Carson that time she dared me to But I didn't  Oh I, I'd done a lot of things different  I wished I'd a spent more time with my dad when he was alive Now I don't have the chance I wish I had told my brother how much I loved him before he went off to war But I just shook his hand And I wish I had gone to church on Sunday morning when my grandma begged me too But I was afraid of God And I wish I would've listened when they said Boy, you're gonna wish you hadn't But I wouldn't  Oh I, I'd done a lot of things different  People say they wouldn't change a thing, even if they could Oh but I would  There was this red dress she wanted one time so bad she could taste it And I should've bought it, but I didn't She wanted to paint our bedroom yellow and trim it blues and greens But I wouldn't let her, wouldn't a hurt nuthin She loved to be held and kissed and touched but I didn't do it Not nearly enough And if I'd a known that dance was going to be our last dance I'd a asked that band to play on and on on and on  Oh I, I'd done a lot of things different  People say they wouldn't change a thing, even if they could Oh but I would Oh whoa Oh I, I'd done a lot of things different Oh I, I'd done a lot of things  I think we've all do a lot of things different|Country
kennychesney|The Good Stuff|Well, me an' my lady had our first big fight So I drove around 'til I saw the neon light A corner bar, an it just seemed right So I pulled up  Not a soul around but the old bar keep Down at the end an' looking half asleep An he walked up, an' said: "What'll it be?" I said: "The good stuff"  He didn't reach around for the whiskey He didn't pour me a beer His blue eyes kinda went misty He said: "You can't find that here  'Cause it's the first long kiss on a second date Momma's all worried when you get home late And droppin' the ring in the spaghetti plate 'Cause your hands are shakin' so much An' it's the way that she looks with the rice in her hair Eatin' burnt suppers the whole first year An' askin' for seconds to keep her from tearin' up Yeah, man, that's the good stuff"  He grabbed a carton of milk an' he poured a glass An' I smiled an' said: "I'll have some of that" We sat there an' talked as an hour passed Like old friends  I saw a black an' white picture an' it caught my stare It was a pretty girl with bouffant hair He said: "That's my Bonnie Taken 'bout a year after we were wed"  He said "Spent five years in the bar When the cancer took her from me But I've been sober three years now 'Cause the one thing stronger than the whiskey  Was the sight of her holdin' my baby girl The way she adored that string of pearls I gave her the day that our youngest boy, Earl Married his high school love" "An' it's a new tee-shirt saying: 'I'm a Grandpa' Bein' right there as our time got small An' holdin' her hand, when the Good Lord called her up Yeah, man, that's the good stuff"  He said: "When you get home, she'll start to cry When she says: 'I'm sorry,' say: 'So am I' An' look into those eyes, so deep in love An' drink it up 'Cause that's the good stuff That's the good stuff"|Country
kennychesney|Big Star|She was aware of her insecurities as she took the stage She was convinced if she got up there that she'd be discovered someday  So she belted it She hit the high notes fearlessly Oh she melted them, as she brought them to their feet  She was a big star at Banana Joe's bar where She sang karaoke everynight She said if you work hard to get where you are it feels good in the hot spot light  She was a big star  She made the local cable shows where the camera fell in love with her face After a couple of weekends the groupies were crawling all over the place She signed autographs like she was Garth Brooks in a skirt  and in the aftermath, that small time town was hers  She was a big star at Banana Joe's bar where She sang karaoke everynight She said if you work hard to get where you are it feels good in the hot spot light  She was a big star  She doesn't care anymore that her high school girlfriends cut her down  They only thought she entertains is where they are and where she is now  All her old neighbors swear their certain she slept her way to the top She knows you don't get where your going unless you got something they ain't got  So she sings tonight to 20,000 plus and the young girls scream out loud Man that could be us She's a big star as she eats caviar just before she performs every night She says if you work hard to get where you are it feels good in the hot spot light She's a big star She's a big star|Country
kennychesney|On the Coast of Somewhere Beautiful|Knew I could never hold that girl She was born to see the world All I got is a picture she mailed me Barefoot in the snow white sand A bag of sea shells in her hand She finally found a paradise it seems  On the coast of somewhere beautiful Trade winds blowin through her hair Sunlight dancin on the water  And I wish I was there Don't know how I'm goin' to find her All I know so far She's on the coast of somewhere beautiful Runnin' with my heart  Sometimes whne the sun goes down Shadows fall across this little town And I close my eyes and I drift away to another place in another time When the world was ours and she was mine I dream of holdin her again someday  On the coast of somewhere beautiful Trade winds blowin through her hair Sunlight dancin on the water And I wish I was there Dont know how I'm gonna find her All I know so far Shes on a coast somewhere beautiful Runnin with my heart  Dont know how I'm goin to find her All i know so far Shes on the coast of somewhere beautiful Runnin with my heart Ohh Shes runnin with my heart  On the coast of somewhere beautiful|Country
kennychesney|Never Gonna Feel That Way Again|Friday night butterflies Like clockwork they'd arrive A little chill and the October sky Nervous till the kickoff game 4 quarters win or lose Spent Saturdays black and blue But it was what I love to do And it was more than just a game  It was my life and it was fun Another season of my life is done Another race I'm glad I got to run Another chapter of my life its over No I'm never gonna feel like that again Times rushin by me like the wind Never be as young as I was then No I'm never gonna feel like that again  Practice dancin in my garage Two left feet and a white corsage Daddy let me borrow the dodge Said don't bring her home on empty Swung by and picked up Cindy Lou Took her to the prom for a dance or two Then we drove down to the water blue and that's where she kissed me  It was my life and it was fun Another season of my life is done Another race i'm glad I got to run  Another chapter of my life its over No i'm never gonna feel like that again Times rushin by me like the wind Never be as young as I was then no i'm never gonna feel like that again  I got a call one July day Cindy Lou was in that way Had a big decision to make and I couldn't take it lightly At first I thought of leavin town but I couldn't let our families down now I'm out here throwin this ball around with a boy that looks just likes me  Its my life and its sure fun Another season of my lifes begun Another race I'm glad I get to run another chapter of my life I'm writin No I'm never gonna feel like this again Times rushin by me like the wind Got to grab each moment that I can Cuz I'm never gonna feel like this again no I'm never gonna feel like this again Nooooooooo I'm never gonna feel like this again|Country
kennychesney|Dreams|She says most men her age want younger women. She thinks her self esteem's not quite itself any more. But she sees herself as more than what the mirror shows, Why that's so important, heaven only knows. When the important part for her is, Souls and heart's sayin':  Dreams of sharin' a life and a home. (Dreams.)  Of never ever bein' alone again. (Dreams.)  Not even diamonds, just a little gold. Someone there to hold her hand when she gets old. Dreams, the kind you know will never end. Forever lovers and forever friends. Someone really there, to love and care, and share,  Dreams.  She swears she won't divorce her time. She swears the more she knows about love, the harder it is to find. Her perfect picture of her white horse prince, Is now dependent, dirty and promises, Someone kind and brave. Soemone not afraid of:  (Dreams.)  Of never ever bein' alone again. (Dreams.)  Not even diamonds, just a little gold. Someone there to hold her hand when she gets old. Dreams, the kind you know will never end. Forever lovers and forever friends. Someone really there, to love and care, and share,  Dreams.  Oh, Dreams, the kind you know will never end. Forever lovers, forever friends. Someone really there, to love and care, and share,  Dreams.  She says most men her age want younger women.|Country
kennychesney|No Shoes, No Shirt, No Problems|I've been up to my neck workin' 6 days a week wearin' holes in the soles of the shoes on my feet been dreamin' of gettin' away since I don't know Ain't no better time than now..for mexico  No shoes, No shirt, No problems Blues what blues..hey I forgot them The sun and the sand and a drink in my hand with no bottom  and no shoes, no shirt, and no problems! No problems   Want a towel on a chair in the sand by the sea want to look thru my shades and see you there with me Want to soak up life for a while In laid back mode No boss, no clock, no stress, no dress code   No shoes, no shirt, no problems  Blues what blues hey I forgot them The sun and the sand and a drink in my hand with no bottom and no shoes, no shirt, and no problems  Babe lets get packed..tank tops and flip flops if you got them No shoes, no shirt, no problems No problems.|Country
kennychesney|Live Those Songs|Saw him sittin on a sidewalk in Fresno Braided hair and a tye-dyed t-shirt on Talkin to himself about Vietnam About the tour he did and the deal he got He said this world ain't the same if you ask me. If I could be somewhere else, I'd tell you where I'd be  I'd be rollin' on a river with Credence Stealin' kisses from Peggy Sue I'd be knee-deep in sand on a Panama beach In the spring of '72 I'd be wastin' away on the dock of the bay Watchin' the tide roll in He said what I wouldn't give just to live those songs again.  Saw him workin' the counter at Walgreens With a new haircut and a Bachelor's Degree Talkin' to himself about his raw deal Cussin' Uncle Sam and the GI bill He said This world ain't the same if you ask me If I could be somewhere else, I'd tell you where I'd be  I'd be rollin' on a river with Credence Stealin' kisses from Peggy Sue I'd be knee-deep in sand on a Panama beach In the spring of '72 I'd be wastin' away on the dock of the bay Watchin' the tide roll in He said what I wouldn't give just to live those songs again.  He said This world ain't the same if you ask me If I could be somewhere else, I'd tell you where I'd be  I'd be rollin' on a river with Credence Stealin' kisses from Peggy Sue I'd be knee-deep in sand on a Panama beach In the spring of '72 I'd be wastin' away on the dock of the bay Watchin' the tide roll in He said what I wouldn't give just to live those songs again.|Country
kennychesney|One Step Up|Woke up this mornin' The house was cold Checked the furnace she wasn't burnin' Went out and hopped in my old Ford Hit the engine but she ain't a turnin' Given each other some hard lessons lately But we aren't learnin' Same sad story thats a fact Once step up and two steps back  Bird on a wire outside my motel room but he ain't singin' Girl in white outside a church in june but the church bells they ain't ringin' Sittin' here in this bar tonight and all I'm thinkin' is How the same old story same old act One step up and two steps back   Its the same thing night all night Who's wrong and baby who's right Another fight and I slam the door on Another battle in our dirty little war When I look at myself I don't see the man I wanted to be somewhere along the line I slipped off track livin' one step up and two steps back  There's a girl across the bar I get the message she's sendin' Mmm she ain't lookin' too married We well honey I pretended Last night I dreamed I held you in my arms  the music was never endin ' we danced as the evening sky faded to black movin' one step up and two steps up (one step up and two steps back) one step up and two steps back (one step up and two steps back) One step up and two steps back (one step up and two steps back) one step up and two steps back  ohhh..baby we're movin'  One step up and two steps back One step up and two steps back One step up and two steps back mmm..one step up and two steps back (one step up and two steps back) (one step up and two steps back)|Country
kennychesney|I Can't Go There|<i>[Kenny:]</i> You know that restaurant on highway 1 With the key lime pie that song the sand and the sun Where we ran in our barefeet Built a castle on the beach Just the wind,the rocks, the waves and you and me  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I can't go there Cuz thats just too much us I can't go there I still feel your touch Theres places in my heart and head that feel as empty as our bed So most nights I don't even walk upstairs Cuz I can't go there  Remember San Francisco on that cable car Our reflection in the window of that store How we danced the night away With the lights out on the bay Then wound up in a blanket on the floor  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I can't go there Cuz 'Friscos too much us I can't go there I still feel your touch Now there's places in my heart and head that  still feel as empty as our bed So most nights I don't even walk upstairs Cuz I can't go there  If it was only Florida or California  Maybe I could let myself move on But its everywhere we've been And everywhere I turn I can't love again  Cuz I've learned  That I can't go there  Its something I can't do I can't go there I'll run into you I can't go there  <i>[Tim Mcgraw:]</i> When the sun shines, when it rains Christmas parties, football games  <i>[Kenny:]</i> I can't go there  <i>[Tim:]</i> Winter, summer, fall or spring I see you in everything  I can't go there.. Its too much us I can't go there|Country
kennychesney|The Boys of Fall|When I feel that chill, smell that fresh cut grass I'm back in my helmet, cleats, and shoulder pads Standin' in the huddle listenin' to the call Fans goin' crazy for the boys of fall  They didn't let just anybody in that club Took every ounce of heart and sweat and blood To get to wear those game day jerseys down the hall The kings of the school, man, we're the boys of fall  Well it's, turn and face the stars and stripes It's fightin' back them butterflies It's call it in the air alright yes sir we want the ball And it's knockin' heads and talkin' trash It's slingin' mud and dirt and grass It's I got your number, I got your back When your back's against the wall You mess with one man, you got us all The boys of fall  In little towns like mine that's all they got Newspaper clippings fill the coffee shops The old men will always think they know it all Young girls will dream about the boys of fall  Well it's, turn and face the stars and stripes It's fightin' back them butterflies It's call it in the air alright yes sir we want the ball And it's knockin' heads and talkin' trash It's slingin' mud and dirt and grass It's I got your number, I got your back When your back's against the wall You mess with one man, you got us all The boys of fall  Well it's, turn and face the stars and stripes It's fightin' back them butterflies It's call it in the air alright yes sir we want the ball And it's knockin' heads and talkin' trash It's slingin' mud and dirt and grass It's I got your number, I got your back When you back's against the wall You mess with one man, you got us all The boys of fall  We're the boys of fall We're the boys of fall|Country
kennychesney|Live a Little|Stressed out, running late, racing down the interstate Spilled hot coffee, down the front of my jeans It's work, work, pay the rent, money and my time's spent Not a minute left for me to be me  Been going like nothing can wait I gotta get my priorities straight  I need to live a little, have some fun Take some time, waste it on number one Find a girl that brings my whole world to a stop Live a little, love a lot  Friday night, here we go, do a little do-si-do Kick back, have a laugh, catch my breath Tell the band slow it down, there she is, think I found Maybe Ms. Wonderful, I haven't met yet  It just hit me like a wrecking ball She's giving me a wake up call  I need to live a little, have some fun Take some time, waste it on number one Find a girl that brings my whole world to a stop Live a little, love a lot  Step back, smell the rose Feel the sand between your toes Unplug, unwind Step out in the sunshine  I need to live a little, have some fun Take some time, waste it on number one Find a girl that brings my whole world to a stop Live a little  I need to live a little, have some fun Take some time, waste it on number one Take the girl, get a map and pick any old dot Live a little, we need to live a little, love a lot|Country
kennychesney|Coastal|Tank top, love handles Tube socks, Jesus sandals Cheap blender, ice bucket Raw oysters, yeah, give me one and shuck it  Holds up a frozen orange daiquiri And laughs, here's to the boys at the factory  No more building transmissions He's going deep sea fishing Catch a marlin, catch a tan Catch a local cover band  Hey, you gotta watch that man He'll go coastal on ya  Silver hair, silver Buick Winter's coming, better move it Southbound before they get snowed under Call the kids, tell 'em see you next summer  No more freezing their tails off It's cataract sunglasses and a round of golf Red skin, green plaid, margarita, dog track Before you know it Mom and Dad They'll go coastal on ya  Sounds so good, got me thinking What do y'all say after I'm done singing  We just take a little getaway Cruise it down the A1A Florabama to the Keys Better keep your eye on me  I'll go coastal on ya I'll go coastal on ya Yeah, I'll go coastal on ya|Country
kennychesney|You and Tequila|Baby, here I am again Kicking dust in the Canyon wind Waiting for that sun to go down Made it up Mulholland Drive Hell bent on getting high High above the lights of town  'Cause you and Tequila make me crazy Run like poison in my blood One more night could kill me, baby One is one too many, one more is never enough  Thirty days and thirty nights Been putting up a real good fight And there were times I thought you'd win It's so easy to forget The bitter taste the morning left Swore I wouldn't go back there again  'Cause you and Tequila make me crazy Run like poison in my blood One more night could kill me, baby One is one too many, one more is never enough  When it comes to you Oh, the damage I could do It's always your favorite sins That do you in  'Cause you and Tequila make me crazy Run like poison in my blood One more night could kill me, baby One is one too many, one more is never enough  Never enough You and Tequila You and Tequila|Country
kennychesney|Seven Days|A Saturday downpour carved out rivers in the sand She said it was her first time to see the sea Helping her climb across those jetty rocks Was the first time I touched her hand  The rain and the way that felt never let up all week By Thursday I knew everything about her And God, the last day I didn't wanna leave without her  The sidewalks, the streets were soaked The sky was gray but you should've seen her face Shining like that lighthouse through all the rain And the way she called my name  I've lived those seven days a thousand times Those seven days a thousand  Time was like the tide, it came and went That old pier ran clear out into the mist My mind plays back that Tuesday night Again and again, and again  I taste that saltwater taffy on her lips Wednesday morning snuck in through the window We just laid there and listened to the waves come and go  The sidewalks, the streets were soaked The sky was gray but you should've seen her face Shining like that lighthouse through all the rain And the way she called my name  I've lived those seven days a thousand times Those seven days a thousand  Moments with her, now they're all a blur Except for every second and every word Every drop of rain, every single grain of sand  The sidewalks, the streets were soaked The sky was gray but you should've seen her face Shining like that lighthouse through all the rain And the way she called my name  I've lived those seven days a thousand times Those seven days a thousand times  Seven days a thousand times A thousand times Seven days a thousand times|Country
kennychesney|Small Y'all|Honey, you think he's got an attitude So you treat him just a little too rude Buddy, you think she's a little too cold So you act like a two year old  Don't it make you feel low, Joe? Don't it make you feel mean, Jean? Don't it make you feel ashamed of yourself? Don't it make you feel small, y'all?  Boy, you say something bad about her brother Girl, you say something mean about his mother Tempers flare and insults fly And you're both wanting to die  Don't you feel like a jerk, Kirk? Don't you feel like a ninny, Jenny? Don't it make you feel ashamed of yourself? Don't it make you feel small, y'all?  Lady, you say you don't love him no more And mister, you kick down the bedroom door She calls you names you never heard before And now it's a full scale war  Don't it make you feel crazy, Daisy? Mentally ill, Bill? Don't it make you feel ashamed of yourself? Don't it make you feel small, y'all?  Six o'clock, eight o'clock, nine o'clock, ten The neighbors, all know that you're at it again And two little kids just a few feet away Hear every word you say  Don't it make you feel bad, Dad? Don't it make you feel wrong, Mom? Don't it make you feel ashamed of yourself? Don't it make you feel small, y'all?  Don't it make you feel ashamed of yourself? Don't it make you feel small, y'all?  With a pickle in the middle And a mustard on top|Country
kennychesney|Where I Grew Up|There's still marks on the pantry door of that little house Where Mama used to measure us I'm proud to say that's my home where I was raised But that ain't where I grew up  See, I gained a little on Father Time The summer my Granddaddy died The first time I saw Mama cry Man, that sure was tough  Felt like I put on a few years Watching Daddy wipe her tears In my little coat and tie standing in that cemetery mud That's where I grew up  My senior year, a case of beer out on the river bank Getting a head start on twenty one That's the place that made me feel just like a man But that ain't where I grew up  See I gained a little on Father Time That night I crossed that center line I bet I rolled a dozen times  Next thing I knew I was waking up upside down Praying God just get me out Then I hit my knees beside what was left of my truck Hey, that's where I grew up  You learn as you go, that's how you grow  See, I gained a little on Father Time When me and her, had our first big fight I said some things, I made her cry She packed all her stuff  The boy in me said let her go But the man in me said pull her close It was time to find out which one I was Standing in a doorway holding on to love  That's where I grew up Oh, that's where I grew up|Country
kennychesney|Reality|For me it's a beach bar Or on a boat underneath the stars Or with my band up on a stage For a while everything's okay  For some it's a fast car Moonshine in a mason jar And everybody has their way Somehow to escape  Reality, yeah, sometimes life Ain't all that it's cracked up to be So let's take a chance and live this fantasy 'Cause everybody needs to break free from reality  Yeah, some days it's a bitch, it's a bummer We need a rock and roll show in the summer To let the music take us away Take our minds to a better place  Where we feel that sense of freedom Leave our worries behind, we don't need 'em All we need is a sunny day and an old tailgate And we'll escape  Reality, yeah, sometimes life Ain't all that it's cracked up to be So let's take a chance and live this fantasy 'Cause everybody needs to break free from reality  Everybody raise your hands and voice tonight Set your soul free, let's take a carpet ride We'll leave it all behind  Reality, yeah, sometimes life Ain't all that it's cracked up to be So let's take a chance and live this fantasy 'Cause everybody needs to break free from reality  Come on everybody, break free Come on everybody, break free|Country
kennychesney|Round and Round|Some folks livin' in the country can't wait To get in their pick-up trucks and go to town There's people living in a penthouse Dying to get out in the sticks and ride around  There's a man above the mountain top Wants to go down breath the salt air by the shore There's a guy on an island, he ain't smilin' Don't wanna be on an island anymore  There's a lady locked in a love affair Wouldn't care if she was single again There's a lonely soul who's only goal Is to get that golden ring upon their hand  In the middle of nowhere where there's nobody Trying to get that fifteen minutes of fame Some place there's a superstar thinking, Lord, if I could only change my name  Round and round and round and round we go Why we can't be satisfied, I don't know I don't know  There's a young man wishing he could grab the hands of time And speed 'em up a year or two There's an old man wishing he could just go back And stop the clock and hang on to his youth  There's a stoner on the sidewalk Wishing he could just get straight for a day There's a man in a suit and tie Thinking getting high might be a better way  Round and round and round and round we go Why we can't be satisfied, I don't know From the day we're born, it seems like it never stops Why we always wantin' something we ain't got Oh, we ain't got  Round and round and round and round we go Why we can't be satisfied, I don't know Til the day we die, it seems like it never stops Why we always wantin' something we ain't got Oh, we ain't got  Round and round and round and round we go <i>[4x]</i>|Country
kennychesney|Somewhere With You|If you're going out with someone new I'm going out with someone too I won't feel sorry for me, I'm getting drunk But I'd much rather be somewhere with you  Laughing loud on a carnival ride, yeah Driving around on a Saturday night You made fun of me for singing my song Got a hotel room just to turn you on  You said pick me up at three a.m. You're fighting with your mom again And I'd go, I'd go, I'd go somewhere with you  I won't sit outside your house And wait for the lights to go out Call up an ex to rescue me, climb in their bed When I'd much rather sleep somewhere with you  Like we did on the beach last summer When the rain came down and we took cover Down in your car, out by the pier You laid me down, whispered in my ear  I hate my life, hold on to me Ah, if you ever decide to leave Then I'll go, I'll go, I'll go  I can go out every night of the week Can go home with anybody I meet But it's just a temporary high 'cause when I close my eyes I'm somewhere with you, somewhere with you  If you see me out on the town And it looks like I'm burning it down You won't ask and I won't say But in my heart I'm always somewhere with you  Laughing loud on a carnival ride, yeah Driving around on a Saturday night You made fun of me for singing my song Got a hotel room just to turn you on  You said pick me up at three a.m. You're fighting with your mom again And I'd go, I'd go, I'd go  I can go out every night of the week Can go home with anybody I meet But it's just a temporary high 'cause when I close my eyes I'm somewhere with you, somewhere with you  Somewhere with you I'm somewhere with you I'm somewhere with you Somewhere with you Somewhere with you|Country
kennychesney|Hemingway's Whiskey|Hemingway's whiskey, warm and smooth and mean Even when it burns, it'll always finish clean He didn't like it watered down, he took it straight up and neat If it was bad enough for him, you know it's bad enough for me  Hemingway's whiskey  Ah, it's tough out there, a good muse is hard to find Living one word to the next, one line at a time There's more to life than whiskey, there's more to words than rhyme Sometimes nothing works, sometimes nothing shines  Like Hemingway's whiskey  Sail away, sail away, three sheets to the wind Live hard, die hard, this one's for him  Hemingway's whiskey, warm and smooth and mean Even when it burns, it'll always finish clean He didn't like it watered down, he took it straight up and neat If it was bad enough for him, you know it's bad enough for me  Hemingway's whiskey Hemingway's whiskey Hemingway's whiskey|Country
kennychesney|Fall in Love|A little country church on a two lane road A bride and groom coming out the door White lace dress and a red bouquet Just married written on a blue Chevrolet  Don't that make you want to fall in love Don't that look like a picture of us A match made in heaven if there ever was Don't that make you want to fall That just makes me want to give you my heart Ever forever needs a place to start Gotta be a sign from up above Don't that make you want to fall in love  Old folks sittin' in a front porch swing Still holdin' hands like they were sixteen Fifty good years they're a lover's dream Darlin' that could be you and me  Don't that make you want to fall in love Don't that look like a picture of us A match made in heaven if there ever was Don't that make you want to fall That just makes me want to give you my heart Ever forever needs a place to start Gotta be a sign from up above Don't that make you want to fall in love Yeah, yeah Don't that make you want to fall in love|Country
kennychesney|Grandpa Told Me So|If you don't get in the water you're never gonna learn to swim He said a snake is just as scared of you as you are of him He could tell by the moon when the fish would bite Seems there was nothing that he didn't know And as a kid I believed 'cause Grandpa told me so  He talked Daddy into letting me have my first car I thought I was really something 'til Becky Thompson broke my heart That first taste of love nearly did me in Getting over her slow  And I knew someday I would 'cause Grandpa told me so  He said life is made for you to live The best love is the love that you give There'll be times when you wanna hold on but you gotta let go And I live by those words 'cause Grandpa told me so  I promissed him I wouldn't cry when it was his time to leave That's the only promise I made him I couldn't keep He smiled from his bed and said we'll meet again Somewhere down the road And I believe 'cause Grandpa told me so  He said life is made for you to live The best love is the love that you give There'll be times when you wanna hold on but you gotta let go And I live by those words 'cause Grandpa told me so  He said life is made for you to live The best love is the love that you give There'll be times when you wanna hold on but you gotta let go And I live by those words 'cause Grandpa told me so  Yeah and I still believe Grandpa told me so Grandpa told me so I still believe Grandpa told me so I still believe|Country
thebandperry|You Lie|It ain't complicated Well, I've grown to hate it I never liked the taste of crow but baby I ate it  They tried to warn me They said that you were ornery So don't bring me those big brown eyes and tell me that you're sorry  Well you might as well throw gasoline on a fire The way you lie  You lie like a priceless Persian rug on a rich man's floor And you lie like a coon dog basking in the sunshine on my porch Well, you lie like a penny in the parking lot at the grocery store It just comes way too natural to you The way you lie  That ain't my perfume I bet she had a curfew You told me you were out with the boys and baby I believed you  So why you lookin' so nervous You know you're gonna deserve this I oughta kill you right now and do the whole wide world a service  Well my daddy's gonna straighten you out like a piece of wire, like a piece of wire The way you lie  You lie like the man with the slick back hair who sold me that Ford And you lie like the pine tree in the back yard after last month's storm Well, you lie like a penny in the parking lot at the grocery store It just comes way too natural to you The way you lie  Well, I'll tell you what I'm gonna do I'm gonna drive to the big old muddy river I'm gonna park my car in the middle of the mile-long bridge And then gonna cry, well, maybe just a little Then I'm gonna slip off the ring that you put on my finger And give it a big old fling and watch it sink down, down, down And there it's gonna lie Until the Lord comes back around  Because you lie like a priceless Persian rug on a rich man's floor You lie like a coon dog basking in the sunshine on my porch Well, you lie like a penny in the parking lot at the grocery store It just comes so dang natural to you The way you lie The way you lie Well it's what you do, it's who you are|Country
thebandperry|If I Die Young|If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in a river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song  Uh oh, uh oh  Lord make me a rainbow, I'll shine down on my mother She'll know I'm safe with you when she stands under my colors, oh, And life ain't always what you think it ought to be, no Ain't even grey, but she buries her baby  The sharp knife of a short life, oh well I've had just enough time  If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song  The sharp knife of a short life, oh well I've had just enough time  And I'll be wearing white, when I come into your kingdom I'm as green as the ring on my little cold finger, I've never known the lovin' of a man But it sure felt nice when he was holdin' my hand, There's a boy here in town, says he'll love me forever, Who would have thought forever could be severed by...  ...the sharp knife of a short life, oh well? I've had just enough time  So put on your best, boys, and I'll wear my pearls What I never did is done  A penny for my thoughts, oh, no, I'll sell 'em for a dollar They're worth so much more after I'm a goner And maybe then you'll hear the words I been singin' Funny when you're dead how people start listenin'  If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song  Uh oh (uh, oh) The ballad of a dove (uh, oh) Go with peace and love Gather up your tears, keep 'em in your pocket Save 'em for a time when you're really gonna need 'em, oh  The sharp knife of a short life, oh well I've had just enough time  So put on your best, boys, and I'll wear my pearls.|Country
thebandperry|All Your Life|Would you walk to the edge of the ocean Just to fill my jar with sand? Just in case I get the notion To let it run through my hand Let it run through my hand  Well, I don't want the whole world The sun, the moon, and all their light I just want to be the only girl You love all your life You love all your life  Would you catch a couple thousand fireflies Yeah, and put them in a lamp to light my world? All dressed up in a tux and bow tie Hand delivered to a lonely girl To a lonely lonely girl  Well, I don't want the whole world The sun, the moon, and all their light I just want to be the only girl You love all your life You love all your life  Lately I've been writing desperate love songs I mostly sing them to the wall. You could be the center piece of my obsession If you would notice me at all, yeah  Well, I don't want the whole world, no The sun, the moon, and all their light I just want to be the only girl You love all your life You love all your life  You love all your life Life Yeah|Country
thebandperry|Miss You Being Gone|Wish I would have noticed sooner All that crazy in your eyes Do you practice in the mirror On that tempting crooked smile  Like that serpent in the garden You came crawling back to me Twice I ate that poisoned apple Made me sick of being Eve  Well, I'll admit that I was wrong You said I miss you Oh, yes I do Honey, I miss you being gone  I saw that floozy you've been wooing On your ex-best buddies arm And I knew you'd soon be sneaking back turning on the charm  Yea well, cupid ain't a boozer In a tavern throwing darts Do you think I walk around With a bulls-eye on my heart  Well, I'll admit that I was wrong  You said I miss you Oh, yes I do Sugar, I miss you being gone  I miss you like Drama queens and cat fights and braces on prom night I miss you like Boy bands and cheap cologne our song as chaperones  And all the other things that I've outgrown  Well you know you've got the mojo But it ain't working me no more And I swear I won't be checking you out when you walk out my door  Well, I'll admit that I was wrong You said I miss you And boy you got issues Honey, I miss you being gone  Being gone  Being gone  Thank God you're gone|Country
thebandperry|Double Heart|He was sweet as cotton candy at a county fair Well he's a cold drink of water with butterscotch hair He swore that he loved me Well I guess he probably did 'cause when he rolled up his sleeve one day I saw my name next to his  A new tattoo stinging like a hornet Two little hearts like a big red warning I wasn't looking for a permanent thing First comes the ink, then comes the ring  Bye bye baby I bet we could've made a bunch of sweet memories You should have slowed down mister Moving like a twister's just a little fast for me  So now it's 0 to 60 And if you ever miss me I'm right there on your arm Don't you cry, I'll leave you something behind Skid marks and a double heart  Well he's a tough bronc buster I bet he sleeps in his boots Well he tried to throw a rope around me right out of the shoot He swore that he loved me Well I reckon he probably did 'cause when he rolled up his sleeve one day I thought here we go again  A new tattoo burning like a brand Two little hearts on my rodeo man I wasn't looking for a permanent thing First comes the ink, then comes the ring  Bye bye baby I bet we could've made a bunch of sweet memories You should have slowed down mister Moving like a twister's just a little fast for me  Well now it's 0 to 60 And if you ever miss me I'm right there on your arm Don't you cry, I'll leave you something behind Skid marks and a double heart I'm a free bird  A new tattoo whistling Dixie Two little hearts ain't gonna get me I'm not looking for a permanent thing So don't shoot the ink 'til I take the ring  Bye bye baby I bet we could've made a bunch of sweet memories You should have slowed down mister Moving like a twister's just a little fast for me  Well now it's 0 to 60 And if you ever miss me I'm right there on your arm Don't you cry, I'll leave you something behind Skid marks and a, skid marks and a Skid marks and a double heart Well, I'm a free bird|Country
thebandperry|Postcard From Paris|I remember when my heart caught the fever. You were standing all alone in the summer heat. I was with my boyfriend, my new boyfriend; He was as sweet as he could be. But one look at you and I was through My heart switched up on me.  Like a postcard from Paris when I've seen the real thing. It's like finding out your diamond is from her old promise ring. A call back from your fortune teller, she read your cards upside down. The meanest thing you ever did is come around And now, I'm ruined.  In the evening you can catch me daydreaming. Did that moment send you reeling just like me? I should have gone over, right over. I should have never let you leave. But it's the never-knowing that keeps this going and drives me crazy.  Like a postcard from Paris when I've seen the real thing. It's like finding out your diamond is from her old promise ring. A call back from your fortune teller she read your cards upside down. The meanest thing you ever did is come around.  Just when I thought things were alright, My eyes play tricks on my mind, yeah. Will I ever be satisfied cause all I ever seem to find is a...  Postcard from Paris, when I need the real thing. It's like finding out your diamond is from an old promise ring. A call back from your fortune teller she read your cards upside down. The meanest thing you ever did, the cruelest thing you ever did, The meanest thing you ever did is come around.  I am ruined, yeah I'm ruined. Now I am ruined, yeah I'm ruined|Country
thebandperry|Walk Me Down the Middle|I was meant to be by your side And I have waited here a long time For you to turn around and notice me But now you're here holdin' hands with me  Walk me down the middle of the county fair Walk me down the middle like you don't care Walk me by the ferris wheel and make sure that she sees Let the whole world know you belong to me  I've heard about your bitter end 'bout how she stole your heart and put it back again Well I may not be the prettiest girl around But I sure am a sight for sore, sore eyes  Walk me down the middle of main street Walk me down where the whole town will be I don't need no parade but make sure that she sees Let the whole world know you belong to me  I'd walk through fire for you Walk through barbed wire for you I'd walk miles, it's true Just to be with you  If you'll walk me down the middle of my mama's church Walk me down that aisle in your finest shirt  Let the whole world know You will walk me down the middle of the county fair Oh walk me down the middle like you don't care Walk me by the ferris wheel and make sure they all see Let the whole world know you belong to me|Country
thebandperry|Independence|Patient anticipation Up till now I've been hurry up and waiting At a bus stop in independence licking an ice cream cone I've been kicking I've been scheming This is as close as I've ever been to leaving Five blocks away, a stone's throw from home But I'm as good as gone  I gotta get gone, gone, gone Shooting like a gun, a gun, a gun Skipping like a stone, stone, stone Far as I can run to where freedom is free There's a road like a long gray ribbon far as I can see And it's pulling independence out of me  Emancipation or paper chasing Leaving with question marks and Momma's blessing Put her picture in my pocket along with her rosary Some say I'm crazy, a little loco And most of my friends will live and die in this zip code It might be for me but until I go How am I ever supposed to know?  I gotta get gone, gone, gone Shooting like a gun, a gun, a gun Skipping like a stone, stone, stone Far as I can run to where freedom is free There's a road like a long gray ribbon far as I can see  I'm busting out of independence Independence's busting out of me I'm busting out of independence Independence's busting out of me  I gotta get gone, gone, gone Shooting like a gun, a gun, a gun Skipping like a stone, stone, stone Far as I can run to where freedom is free There's a road like a long gray ribbon far as I can see There's a road like a long gray ribbon far as I can see And it's pulling independence out of me. Independence.|Country
thebandperry|Quittin' You|I don't know what I was thinking You were no good but you could do some fancy talking I'm not your Trixie Delight or a Gumball Machine (no...) You can keep your quarter man 'cause you won't get nothing sweet out of me  I'm quitting, (quitting), quitting, (quitting), quitting, I'm quitting you Like a girl wants her chocolate, yeah, I know that I'll miss you But I'm quitting, (quitting), quitting, (quitting), quitting, I'm not kidding I'm kicking you, Cause you're my bad habit and I'm quitting you  I don't know what the heck you were thinking, It's gonna, gonna take a better man, I'm betting, to win my hand, I'm not gonna play your game, I don't like the high stakes, I'd rather sit alone at home playing one more round of old maid,  I'm quitting, (quitting), quitting, (quitting), quitting, I'm quitting you Like a gambler leaving Vegas, boy, you know that I'll miss you But I'm quitting, (quitting), quitting, (quitting), quitting, I'm not kidding I'm kicking you, Cause you're my bad habit and I'm quitting  Cold turkey, giving you the cold shoulder, Off, like a band-aid, one quick sting, then it's over  I'm quitting, (quitting), quitting, (quitting), quitting, I'm not kidding I'm kicking you, Cause you're my bad habit and good Lord won't have it, huh uh, You're my bad habit and I'm quitting you, you, yeah yeah yeah|Country
thebandperry|Lasso|When I first laid eyes on you Well, the night just felt so odd You looked at me and the stars lined up So I thought I'd heard from God And I gave him my best shot  Loving you was like throwing a lasso around a tornado I tried to hold on to you Took a ride on a tilt-a-whirl that sits on top of the world Man, I thought I could show you I've always been afraid of flying But you can't blame a girl for trying  Felt like a pearl when I was holding your hand So precious I forgot You could have any girl but I only wanted one man And you were everything I'm not Still I gave it my best shot  Loving you was like throwing a lasso around a tornado I tried to hold on to you Took a turn on a high trapeze swinging over the deep I thought I could show you I've always been afraid of flying But you can't blame a girl for trying  Like a vine bends a tree to the ground I won't hold you down I tried to climb just as high But I found all the clouds touch the ground In this small town  Took a ride on a high trapeze swinging over the deep I thought I could show you That I've always been afraid of flying But you can't blame a girl for trying No, you can't blame a girl|Country
thebandperry|Better Dig Two|I told you on the day we wed I was gonna love you 'til I's dead Made you wait 'til our wedding night That's the first and the last time I'll wear white  So if the ties that bind ever do come loose Tie 'em in a knot like a hangman's noose Cause I'll go to heaven or I'll go to hell Before I'll see you with someone else  Put me in the ground Put me six foot down And let the stone say,  "Here lies the girl whose only crutch Was loving one man just a little too much." If you go before I do I'm gonna tell the gravedigger that he better dig two  Well, It won't be whiskey, it won't be meth It'll be your name on my last breath If divorce or death ever do us part The coroner will call it a broken heart  So put me in the ground Put me six foot down And let the stone say,  "Here lies the girl whose only crutch Was loving one man just a little too much." If you go before I do I'm gonna tell the gravedigger that he better dig two  Dig two Ooh, ooh  I took your name when I took those vows (took those vows) I meant 'em back then and I mean 'em right now, Oh, right now  If the ties that bind ever do come loose If "forever" ever ends for you If that ring gets a little too tight You might as well read me my last rites  And let the stone say,  "Here lies the girl whose only crutch Was loving one man just a little too much." If you go before I do Gonna tell the gravedigger that he better dig, uh!  There'll be a stone right next to mine, We'll be together 'til the end of time Don't you go before I do, I'm gonna tell the gravedigger that he better dig two  I told you on the day we wed I was gonna love you 'til I's dead|Country
thebandperry|DONE.|You've been wearing that crown and tearing me down It's been a while since you've treated me right You strung me along for far too long cause I never gave up the fight Until now  It's gonna hit you hard 'til you see stars It’s gonna put you through a world of hurt Oh, I don't believe in getting even but giving what you deserve Oh my, oh my, huh.  Mama always told me that I should play nice She didn't know you when she gave me that advice I'm through with you You're one bridge I'd like to burn Bottle up the ashes, smash the urn I'm through with you, la dee da  I don't wanna be your "just for fun", Don't wanna be under your thumb All I wanna be is done Done  You crossed the line too many times, I'm gonna put you in your place You play with dynamite, don't be surprised When I blow up in your face Oh my, oh my, huh.  Mama always told me that I should play nice But she didn't know you when she gave me that advice I'm through with you You're one bridge I'd like to burn Bottle up the ashes, smash the urn I'm through with you, la dee da  I don't wanna be part of your fun, Don't wanna be under your thumb All I wanna be is done  (Done) with your selfish ways (Done) and all the games you play I'm through with you and everything you say  Ta!  Mama told me that I should play nice She didn't know you when she gave me that advice  Mama always told me that I should play nice But she didn't know you when she gave me that advice I'm through with you You're one bridge I'd like to burn Scatter the ashes, smash the urn I'm through with you, la dee da  I don't wanna be your "just for fun", Don't wanna be under your thumb All I wanna be is done All I wanna be is done Ugh!  Hey, hey, hey , hey ooh, I wanna be done (so done) So done (so done) So done|Country
thebandperry|Don't Let Me Be Lonely|I need a saving grace A hiding place I don't have forever or time to waste So don't let me be lonely  I wanna shake this winter coat off my sleeve Dust off a record and just be free Oh don't let me be lonely No don't let me be lonely  When you're young You can fly But we trip on clouds 'cause we get too high And we grow up And then it's gone Oh God only knows what we'll become  So don't let me be, let me be, let me be lonely tonight While we're young and alive Take the keys to my car and the keys to my heart and just drive Oh don't let me, let me be lonely  Well the night rolls on like a long lost friend 'Til the sunrise bleeds like the bitter end Don't let me be lonely  Well there's nothing to hide and nothing to prove Give me all that you are You've got nothing to lose Just don't let me be lonely No don't let me be lonely  So don't let me be, let me be, let me be lonely tonight While we're young and alive Take the keys to my car and the keys to my heart and just drive Oh don't let me, let me be lonely  No Don't let me be  When you're young Life's a dream It's a beautiful and a burning thing And we grow up And then it's gone But the memory goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on  Don't let me be, let me be, let me be lonely tonight While we're young and alive Take the keys to my car and the keys to my heart and just drive Oh don't let me, let me be lonely Don't let me be lonely Don't, don't let me be lonely  No Don't let me be Ooh, lonely|Country
thebandperry|Pioneer|Oh pioneer I sing your song It's the hymn of those who've gone before and those who carry on Pioneer Your work is hard But the future of us all rests on the shoulders of your heart  Where are we going Oh I don't know But still I've got to go What will become of us Oh I don't care All I know is I'll go anywhere Pioneer  Oh pioneer So young and brave Be careful of the careful souls who doubt you along the way Pioneer You orphaned child Your mother is adventure and your father is the wild  Where are we going Oh I don't know But still I've got to go What will become of us Oh I don't care All I know is I'll go anywhere Pioneer  Let your heart not be troubled  I won't run when bullets chase me I won't rest where arms embrace me I will love when people hate me I won't hush, no you can't make me Send the dark but it won't break me You can try but you can't change me Take my life, they will replace me I won't hush, no you can't make me I won't hush, no we will sing  Where are we going Oh I don't know But still I've got to go What will become of us Oh I don't care All I know is I'll go anywhere Pioneer  Let your heart not be troubled|Country
thebandperry|Forever Mine Nevermind|The airline lost my luggage And the governor lost my vote My best friend lost her innocence in her boyfriend's rowboat Your mother lost her favorite pearls The ones that you gave to me I lost them when I tossed them On the day that you lost me  Forever mine Forever mine Oh my You saved my life When you said forever (Forever!) Never (Never!)  Na na Na na na na na Na na na na na Na na na na na na na  I broke my bedroom mirror And it broke my luck in two Then my brothers broke the bad bad news that you broke the truth So I smashed my right hand open When I smashed the nose on you 'Cause you smashed my heart when you did what you said you'd never do  Forever mine Forever mine Oh my You saved my life When you said forever (Forever!) Never (Never!) Mine Nevermind Oh my You must have lost your mind When you said forever That you could do better Never!  Na na Na na na na na Na na na na na Na na na na na na na  Oh I'll forget the day I saw your face I lost my way I trusted you, I trusted All your lovely words They were a curse You piece of dirt I trusted you, I trusted you, I trusted you  Forever mine Forever mine Oh my You saved my life When you said forever (Forever!) Never (Never!) Mine Nevermind Oh my You must have lost your mind When you said forever That you could do better Never!  Na na Na na na na na Na na na na na Na na na na na na na  The South lost the battle And children lose their youth The best day of my life was on the day that I lost you|Country
thebandperry|Night Gone Wasted|You can find my face where the moon light lingers Cause it's Friday night and it's as hot as ever My heart is banging to the beat of the band Me and my pals we got scars from the week But now we're all getting loud and we're moving our feet As we do our best to let things get out of hand  It's a night gone wasted again I'm making up with my enemies and loving my best friends Well well well It's the best medication to make the whole wide world go 'round It's a night gone wasted Oh yeah  All of our eyes they've got rings of fire Cause we're burning time like there's no tomorrow It's gonna take a while to blow off a week's worth of steam Tell your sweet mama not to worry her pretty little head I'll have you home soon and then I'll tuck you in bed But until then let's do our best to get out of hand  Man oh man  It's a night gone wasted again I'm making up with my enemies and loving my best friends Well well well It's the best medication to make the whole wide world go 'round It's a night gone wasted Oh yeah  Oh what a riot it's been I'm gonna save up some more money to spend on another night  Well well well It's the best medication to make the whole wide world go 'round It's a night gone wasted tonight Alright We're going out tonight Again  Oh yeah|Country
thebandperry|I Saw a Light|Well I never felt nothing like I did tonight You had the face of a boy that I met in a dream one time Some heard it thunder and so did I I swear it happened when your eyes met mine  Maybe it was just the way the wind blew Maybe it was God and his Son too But in that moment I know that I knew That I, I found you  I saw a light I heard a bell You were the very best feeling that I ever felt And suddenly you are standing here, mine all mine I saw a light I saw a light  I still can't believe someone left you laying around Something precious like you should have already been found  What if I'd stayed home and done nothing tonight What if you had looked left and I had looked right For once in our lives we were both on time And now I found you  I saw a light I heard a bell You were the very best feeling that I ever felt And suddenly you are standing here, mine all mine I saw a light I saw a light  Somebody told me when I was younger Chance is like lightning Love is like thunder So I walked right over Asked for your number Cause somebody told me when I was younger  I saw a light I heard a bell You were the very best feeling that I ever felt And suddenly you are standing here before my eyes The thunder in my heart it tells me you are mine I saw a light I saw a light|Country
thebandperry|Mother Like Mine|She's the sky that holds the clouds She's the lady of the house A blind believer in all I dare to be  There's no safer place I've found Than the shoulder of her white night gown Oh I've got the best and the worst of her in me  And I'd share her if I could  So the wars would all be over 'Cause she'd raise us all as friends And no one would ever wonder If somebody wanted them  We'd walk on grass that's greener And our cares would all be freer If the world had a mother like mine  She's our father's one great love She's the one he wanted most She's the light in the window of the house I grew up in  She takes the midnight call She's the bravest of us all Still she sings in the garden She let's her hair down in  Oh the wars would all be over 'Cause she'd raise us all as friends And no one would ever wonder If somebody wanted them  Tonight would be easier And our dreams would all be deeper If the world had a mother like mine  Don't go away Don't go away from me Oh I understand She is a helping hand Still I have to say  She's the sky that holds the clouds She's the lady of our house We all need her But no one more than me  Oh the wars would all be over 'Cause she'd raise us all as friends And no one would ever wonder If somebody wanted them  We'd walk on grass that's greener And the dishes would all be cleaner If the world had a mother like mine  Oh like mine|Country
thebandperry|Chainsaw|We scratched our names In that oak tree 'Cause I loved you And you loved me A jagged little heart so the whole town knew it Carved into the bark with an arrow through it Well, I came out here to see it one more time  And I got my chainsaw Oh, you know it's got to go, it's such a shame y'all But I ain't gonna be happy 'til those names fall And I'm sittin' on a stump  Love is shady Love is tragic It's hard to bury the hatchet Holdin' a chainsaw  I guess all those years They don't mean a thing Now I can't wait To count those rings Nothing left of us but dust and splinters A big pile of wood to keep me warm through the winter 'Cause I, I don't have you  But I got my chainsaw Oh, you know it's got to go, it's such a shame y'all But I ain't gonna be happy 'til those names fall And I'm sittin' on a stump  Love is shady Love is tragic It's hard to bury the hatchet Holdin' a chainsaw  Just holding a little chainsaw  I remember what you said that night That you would love me for the rest of your life We wrote "Forever" with a pocket knife But forever's goin' down tonight  'Cause I got my chainsaw It's got to go, it's such a shame y'all And I ain't gonna be happy 'til those names fall And I'm sittin' on a stump  <i>[2x]</i> Love is shady Love is tragic It's hard to bury the hatchet  Holdin' a chainsaw|Country
thebandperry|I'm a Keeper|Blue eyed Susans Standing in a domino line Falling in and out of love all the time They'll break your heart just to see a boy cry But not me I am a brown eyed loner I march to my own drummer I'm a piccolo owner and the labor of my mother's love Honey you'd be a load off her mind  But with or without you My only plan is to be free With or without you I'm still me  I'll join a band and sing like a canary Get out of here and change my name to Cherry And every night I'll thank Holy Mother Mary I am a keeper Oh I am a keeper baby I am a keeper  Long stem roses Standing in a vase by my bed Standing tall like the dreams in my head I'm not gonna live in this house 'til I'm dead I like you a lot 'Cause you're different a little You got answers to my riddles Your daddy is a pistol And you are a son of a gun I could be the daughter that he never wanted  But with or without you  I'll buy a farm at the edge of the prairie Live off the land and change my name to Cherry And every night I'll thank Holy Mother Mary I am a keeper Oh I am a keeper baby I am a keeper  With or without you My only plan is to be free With or without you I'm still me  I'll buy a sword and join the military Cut my hair and change my name to Cherry And every night I'll thank Holy Mother Mary I am a keeper Oh I am a keeper baby I am a keeper I am a keeper baby|Country
thebandperry|Back To Me Without You|I wanna wake where I was born and breathe the old air in I need a haunt from a ghost that I knew way back then Oh I hope they left the light on  I want someone who knows me just to say my name To tell me though things are different now somehow I'm still the same Oh I can almost hear them calling  I don't know if I'll be back again Turns out they were right again (Get back to what you know Get back to what you do) Gotta get back to me, ooooo If it's true home is where the heart is I guess now I'm homeless (Get back to what you know Get back to what you do) Gotta get back to me without you  For two years I've lived my life way out on a limb I put my faith in you not knowing you would break in the end I hate feeling fallen  I don't know if I'll be back again Turns out they were right again (Get back to what you know Get back to what you do) Gotta get back to me, ooooo If it's true home is where the heart is I guess now I'm homeless (Get back to what you know Get back to what you do) Gotta get back to me without you  Oooooh Oooooh  I added rain to your ocean What did it do, it meant nothing to you You made grief my chief emotion Why'd you have to do what you thought you had to do  I don't know if I'll be back again Turns out they were right again (Get back to what you know Get back to what you do) Gotta get back to me, ooooo If it's true home is where the heart is I guess now I'm homeless (Get back to what you know Get back to what you do) Gotta get back to me without you  The slow death of a slow dance The tailspin of a romance I gotta get back and breathe the old air in|Country
thebandperry|End of Time|Here I am standing firm As the ground shakes beneath me I send you away with my own hand I try and try to remember that for now it's for the better But there's a Southern kind of tragic blowing in And it feels like the beginning of the end  Well the Alabama moon fell from the sky And the sweet tea wells ran dry Somewhere out there you're finding yourself But back home it's the end of time  I'm scared to death Pick up your phone Outside I hear the bells ringing Bringing ruin to all that we have ever known Pick up your phone I need an answer Come home and call off disaster 'Cause I fear tonight our Cotton Land might fall Oh I'm cracking like the plaster on the wall  Well the Alabama moon fell from the sky And the sweet tea wells ran dry Somewhere out there you're finding yourself But back home it's the end of time  It's the end of time Is it the end of all time Or just the end of mine  Well all of the cotton died in the fields The little babies cried the blue from their eyes Somewhere I'll bet you're living it up But come home before the end  The Alabama moon fell from the sky And the sweet tea wells ran dry Somewhere out there you're finding yourself But back home it's the end of time  Come home and be mine Come home, come home|Country
jakeowen|Beachin'|So just watchin' her blonde hair, sun burnt, stare at them, white caps rolling over Laid back in a thrift store beach chair, droppin' limes in a Corona Well, she looks back, yeah, she throws me a kiss, like "Honey, I sure want you." And it's a hundred and three between her and me and only 92 in Daytona  <i>[Chorus:]</i> And it's sunshine, blue eyes, tan lines, slow tide rollin' White sand, cold can, koozie in my hand, just a summertime strolling Chillin', breezing, sippin', singin' whoa  Beachin'  We got 2-for-1s, we're at a Margarita bar, whatever happens happens And there's a reggae band, full of dread heads, just sittin' in the corner laughin' Well, my baby walks over, drops a 20 in a jar, she smiles and shakes it at me Yeah, she gets 'em goin', she gets 'em playin' a little "Don't Worry, Be Happy"  <i>[Chorus:]</i> And it's sunshine, blue eyes, tan lines, slow tide rollin' White sand, cold can, koozie in my hand, just a summertime strolling Chillin', breezing, sippin', singin' whoa  Beachin'  Ha ha aww yeah...a little palm tree leaning I got a Margarita here in my hand, doin' a little drinkin'  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Talkin' 'bout sunshine, blue eyes, tan lines, slow tide rollin' White sand, cold can, koozie in my hand, just a summertime strolling Chillin', breezing, sippin', singin' whoa,  Beachin'  Sunshine, blue eyes, tan lines, slow tide rollin' White sand, cold can, koozie in my hand|Country
jakeowen|American Country Love Song|It's two tickets to a concert It's a Daytona airbrush T-shirt Wondering who's gonna kiss you first You know what I'm talking about  Hey, baby, what you doing tonight? It's butterflies and Bud Lights Under the stars and on the stripes Of a beach towel in a Spring Break town  It's playing in the night air Through the speakers all night long Couple kids just livin' That American country love song  In every town, in every place There's a boy who's trying to take a chance And dance and find a way to run away with her heart In the back of an old Ford truck In the bar, just looking for love In a pair of—oh my—blue eyes, let them fireworks start  That American country love song Ain't ever gonna quit playing on and on, and on  It's Chris loves Jenny on a license plate It's daddy getting mad 'cause you came home late It's one last kiss in the driveway Hey, radio DJ, can you play that song That she loves? So I can turn it up And maybe turn her on An American country love song  In every town, in every place There's a boy who's trying to take a chance And dance and find a way to run away with her heart In the back of an old Ford truck In the bar, just looking for love In a pair of—oh my—blue eyes, let them fireworks start  That American country love song Ain't ever gonna quit playing on, and on, and on, and on  So let's raise a glass, cheerleaders and quarterbacks Cowboys and country girls, all around this small town world To the same old pick up lines, we've tried a million times All the bad and good as it gets, to the ones that you ain't met yet  In every town, in every place There's a boy who's trying to take a chance And dance and find a way to run away with her heart In the back of an old Ford truck In the bar, just looking for love In a pair of—oh my—blue eyes, let them fireworks start  That American country love song Ain't ever gonna quit playing on, and on, and on|Country
lukebryan|Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye|All we do right is make love and We both know now that ain’t enough Ain’t gonna beg you to stay Ain't gotta ask you what's wrong Ain’t no reason running after something already gone Take off your leavin' dress Let’s do what we do best I guess everybody’s got their way of moving on Girl rest your head one more time in my bed Love me like you loved me when you loved me And you didn’t have to try Let’s lay down tonight And kiss tomorrow goodbye  Baby who we are just didn’t work But maybe we can leave with something out of all this hurt Ain’t gonna beg you to stay Ain’t gotta ask you what’s wrong Ain’t no reason running after something already gone Take off your leavin' dress Let’s do what we do best I guess everybody’s got their way of moving on Girl rest your head one more time in my bed Love me like you loved me when you loved me And you didn’t have to try Let’s lay down tonight And kiss tomorrow goodbye  Ain’t gonna beg you to stay Ain’t gotta ask you what’s wrong Ain’t no reason running after something already gone Take off your leavin' dress Let’s do what we do best I guess everybody’s got their way of moving on Girl rest your head one more time in my bed Love me like you loved me when you loved me And you didn’t have to try Let’s lay down tonight And kiss tomorrow goodbye Kiss tomorrow goodbye.|Country
lukebryan|Drunk On You|Cottonwood fallin' like snow in July Sunset, riverside, 4 wheel drives In a tail light circle  Roll down the windows, turn it on up Pour a little crown in a Dixie cup Get the party started  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Girl, you make my speakers go boom boom Dancin' on the tailgate in a full moon That kinda thing makes a man go mmm hmmm You're lookin' so good in what's left of those blue jeans Drip of honey on the money maker gotta be The best buzz I'm ever gonna find Hey, I'm a little drunk on you And high on summertime  If you ain't a 10 you're a 9.9 Tippin' n' spillin' that home-made wine On your tied up T-shirt  Every little kiss is drivin' me wild Throwin' little cherry bombs into my fire Good god almighty  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Girl, you make my speakers go boom boom Dancin' on the tailgate in a full moon That kinda thing makes a man go mmm hmmm You're lookin' so good in what's left of those blue jeans Drip of honey on the money maker gotta be The best buzz I'm ever gonna find Hey, I'm a little drunk on you And high on summertime  Let's slip on out where it's a little bit darker And when it gets a little bit hotter We'll take it off on out in the water  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Girl, you make my speakers go boom boom Dancin' on the tailgate in a full moon That kinda thing makes a man go mmm hmmm You're lookin' so good in what's left of those blue jeans Drip of honey on the money maker gotta be The best buzz I'm ever gonna find Hey, I'm a little drunk on you And high on summertime  Yeah, I'm a little drunk on you|Country
lukebryan|Too Damn Young|We met down at the floatin' dock She snuck out scared, she might get caught We were nervous, but it was worth it  There was no such thing as consequence With her in my arms it finally made sense In that moonlight, I saw her tan lines  Every time my feet are danglin' in the water I can't help but think about her Lyin' there with her wet hair Didn't know what we were doin' but we didn't care That old wooden dock was warm on our backs T-shirt for a pillow and just like that She kissed me like she meant forever We were too damn young to know any better  The fog rolled in, she said "I better go" She took my t-shirt and wore it home A memory, a souvenir she could keep  So I stayed and watched that sunrise Like it was wakin' up my life To what love was, I can still see us  Every time my feet are danglin' in the water I can't help but think about her Lyin' there with her wet hair Didn't know what we were doin' but we didn't care That old wooden dock was warm on our backs T-shirt for a pillow and just like that She kissed me like she meant forever We were too damn young to know any better <i>[x2]</i>  We were too damn young to know any better|Country
lukebryan|You Don't Know Jack|He asked me for a dollar, I said "Go get a job" I turned up my collar and started walkin' off He said "I don't blame you, I know what you think. I'd just spend your money, to buy another drink"  But you don't know Jack, Double shot, eighty proof, on the rocks, Until you've lost it all. And you can't go back To your life, and your kids, and your ex-wife With just a telephone call. If you think it's just a bottle, In an old brown paper sack You don't know Jack.  He showed me a picture, of two little girls Wearin' Easter dresses, hair done up in curls He said "God bless their mamma, She said I couldn't stay. And buddy if you're wonderin', How could I throw it all away"  You don't know Jack, Double shot, eighty proof, on the rocks, Until you've lost it all. And you can't go back To your life, and your kids, and your ex-wife With just a telephone call. If you think it's just a bottle, In an old brown paper sack You don't know Jack.  If you never felt the fire, Running through your veins, If you've never seen the devil, Face to face...  You don't know Jack, Double shot, eighty proof, on the rocks, Until you've lost it all. So brother just be glad, and tonight Hold your kids, kiss your wife And when you talk to God, Count up all your blessings And thank the good Lord that You don't know Jack. You don't know Jack.|Country
lukebryan|Harvest Time|There's peanut dust and corn husks driftin' through the air tonight The marchin' band's warmin' up under the football lights There's tractor-trailers backed up down by the elevator Train track grain car will roll in later Get filled up and head on out in the world  <i>[Chorus:]</i> It's harvest time in this little town Time to bring it on in, pay the loans down Fill our diesel tank up, make another round There's a big red moon comin' up in the sky Combine's cuttin' in a staggered line The only time of year we miss the church bells chime It's harvest time  There's a thermos and a water jug rollin' around in the cab A set of socket wrenches wrapped up in a greasy red rag Bobby's mother pulls in the field bringin' us supper We grab a bite and make sure to hug her Saddle back up and let the big wheels roll  <i>[Chorus]</i>  At a quarter 'til 2 I kick off my boots in the laundry room We'll start it all over tomorrow at noon 'Til it's all done until we're all done  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
lukebryan|Muckalee Creek Water|It flows underneath the 32 bridge And cuts through the heart of South Georgia Big copperheads and mean wild pigs And gators in the weeds waitin' for ya  I leave my phone in the truck I leave my truck at the road My four-wheeler gets me where I wanna go I leave the world behind I pull my hat down low Get back to my roots, by a full moon glow  I got an old Jon boat that I stowed down there On them hot summer nights when I get a-wild hare I got a moonshine stash in a cypress stump And a catfish line going - bump bump An old tractor tire where I sit by the fire And drink to a sweet swamp song So if you're looking for me, don't even bother When I dip my feet in that Muckalee creek water  Daddy brought me down here when I was a kid Taught me how to bait a crawfish basket From the time I was old enough to walk He had me running down squirrels and rabbits  I feel right at home in this neck of the woods If this was all I had, I'd be living good So let the stock market do what it's gonna do Let the dollar go down and gas soar through the roof  I got an old Jon boat that I stowed down there On them hot summer nights when I get a-wild hare I got a moonshine stash in a cypress stump And a catfish line going - bump bump An old tractor tire where I sit by the fire And drink to a sweet swamp song So if you're looking for me, don't even bother When I dip my feet in that Muckalee creek water  I'm free, and I'm me Being everything that I wanna be Nobody jacking with me No sign of the city lights Hell with the city lights  Well I got an old Jon boat that I stowed down there On them hot summer nights when I get a-wild hare I got a moonshine stash in a cypress stump And a catfish line going - bump bump bump An old tractor tire where I sit by the fire And drink to a sweet swamp song So if you're looking for me, don't even holler When I get down deep in that Muckalee creek water That Muckalee creek water|Country
lukebryan|Tailgate Blues|I catch my buzz in the black of night Where nobody ever goes and the warm wind blows If I loose my cool in the open and it shows That I’m down and I ain’t alright  I search my soul where there is no moon The trees all cross and are covered in moss If the crickets wanna know then I’ll tell them what I lost Oh, I got the tailgate blues  I ain’t sure were it all began Somewhere ’round here I know This bridge was a little more crowded then I was playing her a tailgate show And now I’m just sittin’ here alone  To catch my buzz in the black of night Where nobody ever goes and the warm wind blows If I loose my cool in the open and it shows That I’m down and I ain’t alright  I search my soul where there is no moon The trees all cross and are covered in moss If the crickets wanna know then I’ll tell them what I lost Oh I’ve got the tailgate blues  Damn that AM radio For playing more than a song My heart won’t beat if the strings are broke The melody’s hittin’ me wrong Right here where she belongs  I catch my buzz in the black of night Where nobody ever goes and the warm wind blows If I loose my cool in the open and it shows That I’m down and I ain’t alright  I search my soul where there is no moon The trees all cross and are covered in moss If the crickets wanna know then I’ll tell them what I lost Oh, I got the tailgate blues  The crickets heard my story and I listened to em sing I guess I’ll close the tailgate up There ain’t no telling what tomorrow might bring Maybe me and a Dixie cup But that won’t be enough…  Yes I catch my buzz in the black of night Where nobody ever goes and the warm wind blows If I loose my cool in the open and it shows That I’m down and I ain’t alright  I search my soul where there is no moon The trees all cross and are covered in moss If the crickets wanna know then I’ll tell them what I lost Oh, I got the tailgate blues  I catch my buzz in the black of night Where nobody ever goes and the warm wind blows If I loose my cool in the open and it shows That I’m down and I ain’t alright|Country
lukebryan|Been There,Done That|Girl you and me ain't talking much I just slam the door and leave in my truck There ain't nothin' left for us I think enough's enough I look down see your name there on my phone Then I hit ignore and just drive on We've been living like this too long And there ain't no reason to turn around, baby you can have it all  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I ain't, I ain't coming back I've already been there done that And I'm done with you messing with my mind The last time's the last time baby I can only change who I am so much And all I can give is all my love And my love ain't never been enough So I ain't coming back, I've been there done that  Street by street and town after little town Feels like I'm on the right road now I bet you're probably wondering how I could just walk out I put you high up as I could And I know I've done everything I should To try to make a bad thing good I guess it just took too long for me to see We weren't meant to be  <i>[Chorus]</i>  <i>[Bridge:]</i> I'll wake up, and I'll start to second guess myself And I'll crave your touch, oh but I know too well...  <i>[Chorus:]</i> That I ain't, I ain't coming back I've already been there done that And I'm done with you messing with my mind The last time's the last time baby I can only change who I am so much And all I can give is all my love And my love ain't never been enough So I ain't coming back, No, I ain't coming back I've been there done that|Country
lukebryan|Faded Away|I don't remember much about that time, Just the smell of the air and your hand in mine. Riding the strip, sittin' on my lap In the back of the truck with the only friends I had.  It was spring break, we were out late, And I though goodness for heavens sake. When I saw you... And then I kissed you...  On a balcony over the sun In a chair by the rail, high above everyone We made love as the waves rolled in And we owned that town for one weekend.  Like the tan on my skin, our names in the sand Like the sound of the boat Starting up, heading out of the bay Girl you... faded away.  I still taste the shots on your lips that night, And the smoke from the club still burns my eyes Feel of your body takin' off your dress, Waking up that morning in a tangled mess. So if I'da known, I'da held on... A little bit longer and stronger with nothing to lose, Cause I still see you...  On a balcony over the sun In a chair by the rail, high above everyone We made love as the waves rolled in And we owned that town for one weekend.  Like the tan on my skin, our names in the sand Like the sound of the boat Starting up, heading out of the bay Girl you... faded away.  On a balcony over the sun In a chair by the rail, high above everyone I watched you drive through the gate Without saying the words I needed to say.  Like the tan on my skin, our names in the sand Like the tears on your face And the sun going down that day Girl you... faded away. You faded away.|Country
lukebryan|I Knew You That Way|The secret way long shadows bleed into the night The desperate way leaves in the fall hold colors tight The way that thunder knows the taste of summer rain I knew you that way  The way cool mountain waters dance down to the sea Bound by something strong but still so wild and free It gives in to the passion of the path it takes I knew you that way  I held you closer than I had a right to hold But the only thing that time can't take away Is I knew you that way  The way that skin on skin can start a crazy fire That no one sees but burns all night long with desire The quiet ease that makes a lover want to stay I knew you that way  I held you closer than I had a right to hold But the only thing that time can't take away Is I knew you that way  The holy way that love knows it should never end The sacred way that stars got sailors home again Like teardrops know the words to amazing grace I knew you that way I knew you that way I knew you that way|Country
lukebryan|That's My Kind Of Night|I got that real good feel good stuff Up under the seat of my big black jacked up truck Rollin' on 35s Pretty girl by my side  You got that sun tan skirt and boots Waiting on you to look my way and scoot Your little hot self over here Girl hand me another beer, yeah!  All them other boys wanna wind you up and take you downtown But you look like the kind that likes to take it way out Out where the corn rows grow, row, row my boat Floatin' down the Flint River, catch us up a little catfish dinner Gonna sound like a winner, when I lay you down and love you right Yeah, that's my kind of night!  Might sit down on my diamond plate tailgate Put in my country ride hip-hop mixtape Little Conway, a little T-Pain, might just make it rain  You can hang your t-shirt on a limb Hit that bank and we can ease on in Soak us up a little moonlight You know I know what you like, yeah!  All them other boys wanna wind you up and take you downtown But you look like the kind that likes to take it way out Out where the corn rows grow, row, row my boat Floatin' down the Flint River, catch us up a little catfish dinner Gonna sound like a winner, when I lay you down and love you right Yeah, that's my kind of night! Yeah, that's my kind of night!  My kind or your kind is this kind of night We dance in the dark and your lips land on mine Oh oh oh oh oh, gonna get our love on Oh oh oh oh oh, time to get our buzz on  All them other boys wanna wind you up and take you downtown But you look like the kind that likes to take it way out Out where the corn rows grow, row, row my boat Floatin' down the Flint River, catch us up a little catfish dinner Gonna sound like a winner, when I lay you down and love you right Yeah, that's my kind of night! Yeah, that's my kind of night! That's my kind of night! Yeah, that's my kind of night! Come on...|Country
lukebryan|Beer In The Headlights|Honey suckle in the air, breeze blowing through your hair Hundred stars hanging high, under your still tide Up in every move you make, baby I'm your DJ Your my favorite song, won't you let me sing-a-long  Sittin' right here, out here in the middle of nowhere I swear I've never seen, ever seen nothing like you anywhere I got the key turned back, windows down, I'm turning it up and your Spinnin' around, takin' a sip, swingin' your hips, girl your looking so Fine, with your beer in the headlights  Heart beating like a drum, call me the lucky one Shining these Hi-Beams on you baby, boots stiring up the dirt Cottonfield concert, you got the beautiful, I got the cooler full  Sittin' right here, out here in the middle of nowhere I swear I've never seen, ever seen nothing like you anywhere I got the key turned back, windows down, I'm turning it up and your Spinnin' around, takin' a sip, swingin' your hips, girl your looking so Fine, with your beer in the headlights  With your beer in the headlights,  Sittin' right here, out here in the middle of nowhere, nowhere I swear I've never seen, ever seen nothing like you anywhere Ohhh ohh ohhh I got the key turned back, windows down, I'm turning it up and your Spinnin' around, takin' a sip, swingin' your hips, Girl your looking so fine, with your beer in the headlights  With your beer in the headlights With your beer in the headlights With your beer in the headlights|Country
lukebryan|Crash My Party|It don’t matter what plans I got, I can break ‘em. Yeah, I can turn this thing around at the next red light And I don’t mind telling all the guys I can’t meet ‘em. Hell, we can all go raise some hell on any other night  Girl, I don’t care. Oh I just gotta see what you’re wearing. Your hair, is it pulled up or falling down? Oh I just have to see it now.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> If you wanna call me, call me, call me. You don’t have to worry ‘bout it baby. You can wake me up in the dead of the night; Wreck my plans, baby that’s alright. This is a drop everything kind of thing. Swing on by I'll pour you a drink. The door’s unlocked. I’ll leave on the lights Baby you can crash my party anytime.  Ain’t a spot downtown that’s rockin’ the way that you rock me. Ain’t a bar that can make me buzz the way that you do. I could be on the front row of the best show. And look down and see your face on my phone. And I’m gone so long, hang on. I’ll meet you in a minute or two.  <i>[Chorus]</i>  If it’s 2 in the morning And you’re feeling lonely And wondering what I’m doing...  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Go ahead and call me, call me, call me You don’t have to worry ‘bout it baby. You can wake me up in the dead of the night; Wreck my plans, baby that’s alright. This is a drop everything kind of thing. Swing on by I'll pour you a drink. The door’s unlocked. I’ll leave on the lights Baby you can crash my party anytime.  (Call me, call me, call me)  Baby you can crash my party anytime.|Country
lukebryan|Roller Coaster|She had a cross around her neck And a flower in her hand That I picked from the side of Thomas Drive On our way to the sand We found an old wooden chair Still warm from the sun Pushed it back, gave me a kiss With Bacardi on her lips And I was done  And we spent that week wide open Upside down beside the ocean I didn't know where it was goin' Just tryin' to keep my heart on the tracks I should've known that kind of feelin' Would last longer than that week did Blown away and barely breathin' Sunday came and it was over Now she's got me twisted Like an old beach roller coaster  The rest of those days Turned into long crazy nights When the music got loud We'd sneak away from the crowd Under the boardwalk lights And with all the things we said What I just can't get past Is the way we let it end Now I'm wonderin' where she is Knowin' I can't get that goodbye back  And we spent that week wide open Upside down beside the ocean I didn't know where it was goin' Just tryin' to keep my heart on the tracks I should've known that kind of feelin' Would last longer than that week did Blown away and barely breathin' Sunday came and it was over Now she's got me twisted Like an old beach roller coaster  She's like a song playin' over and over In my mind, where I still hold her I had the chance and I should've told her  When we spent that week wide open Upside down beside the ocean I should've known where it was goin' Still tryin' to keep my heart on the tracks And I should've known that kind of feelin' Would last longer than that week did Blown away and barely breathin' When Sunday came and it was over Now she's got me twisted Yeah, I'm still twisted Like that old beach roller coaster  Like that old beach roller coaster|Country
lukebryan|We Run This Town|Seventeen, we owned those streets  Parking lot, that was our spot  That’s where we’d always meet  And we’d roll on out in a pickup truck parade Stake our claim with a fire in a field in the middle of Nowhere, USA We’d light the midnight up   <i>[Chorus:]</i> We'd drive too fast We'd get too loud We thought we made the world go ‘round  Nothin’ but a bunch of time to kill Set up on the big hill Make a toast, drink it down Say, yeah man, we run this town   All the girls next door They’d meet us out there They couldn’t wait to get away And come and let down their hair We were rough around the edges They were sweet as they could be They were way too good But they still let us steal a little kiss before they’d leave  Guess they thought we were cool because   We'd drive too fast We'd get too loud Yeah, we thought we made the world go ‘round  Drop it down in four-wheel Set up on a big hill  And make a toast, drink it down Say, yeah man, we run this town   From crazy kids to dirt road kings Oh, we didn’t know nothin' But we knew everything   <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  High five and look around Damn right, we run this town  Man, I love this town Come on|Country
lukebryan|Drink A Beer|When I got the news today I didn't know what to say So I just hung up the phone  I took a walk to clear my head And this is where the walking led Can't believe you're really gone Don't feel like going home  So I'm gonna sit right here On the edge of this pier And watch the sunset disappear And drink a beer  Funny how the good ones go Too soon, but the good Lord knows The reasons why, I guess  Sometimes the greater plan Is kinda hard to understand Right now it don't make sense I can't make it all make sense  So I'm gonna sit right here On the edge of this pier And watch the sunset disappear And drink a beer  So long, my friend Until we meet again I'll remember you And all the times that we used to...  ...sit right here on the edge of this pier And watch the sunset disappear And drink a beer Drink a beer Drink a beer Yeah|Country
lukebryan|I See You|Roll in the bar, me and my crew Their little plan to get me over you  They're hookin’ me up, yeah Buyin’ me drinks with a thousand girls  There's just one thing  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I can't go anywhere, I can't do anything No, I can't close my eyes without you in my dreams You won't leave me alone, even though I know you're gone  I look around for someone new, but I see you Jumpin’ up there with the band Takin’ me by the hand Hey boy, come dance with me Stuck like a melody in my head In the bed of my truck By the light of the midnight moon Baby, I see you  Don't know what you did, but you done it good You don't know how bad that I wish I could Delete you from my phone, find a girl and take her home But there's just one thing wrong  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  Your lips, your eyes Girl, since you told me goodbye  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  Baby, I see you Baby, I see you|Country
lukebryan|Goodbye Girl|Yeah, I know that color on your lips too well I saw you blowing kisses down the wishing well again When I say I love you, you just say "I know" You put your arms around me, but it's all for show And then, there you go wrecking my whole world All fixed up, my goodbye girl  You scatter in the wind just like a dandelion Reminding me again that you ain't ever mine for long But I know it's gonna happen when the moon is right You'll show up at my door and pull me in just like a song There you go, wrecking my whole world One more hello, one more goodbye, girl  It might seem crazy to keep loving you this way But I'll never bring myself to say goodbye, girl  The sun is gonna make it's way around again but the rain is always waiting just around the bend And there you go, wrecking my whole world One more hello, one more goodbye, girl All fixed up, my goodbye girl Goodbye girl Goodbye girl|Country
lukebryan|Play It Again|She was sittin' all alone over on the tailgate Tan legs swingin' by a Georgia plate I was lookin' for her boyfriend, Thinkin', "No way she ain't got one." Soon as I sat down I was fallin' in love Tryin' to pour a little sugar in her Dixie cup Talkin' over the speakers in the back of that truck She jumped up and cut me off  She was like, "Oh, my God, this is my song. I've been listenin' to the radio all night long. Sittin' 'round, waitin' for it to come on and here it is." She was like, "Come here boy, I wanna dance." 'Fore I said a word she was takin' my hand Spinnin' me around 'til it faded out And she gave me a kiss And she said, "Play it again, play it again, play it again." And I said, "Play it again, play it again, play it again."  I'd gave that DJ my last dime If he would have played it just one more time But a little while later we were sittin' in the drive in my truck Before I walked her to the door I was scannin' like a fool AM, FM, XM, too But I stopped real quick when I heard that groove Man, you should have seen her light up  She was like, "Oh, my God, this is my song. We've been listenin' to the radio all night long. I can't believe that it came back on, but here it is." She was like, "Come here boy, I wanna dance." 'Fore I said a word she was takin' my hand Spinnin' in the headlights she gave me a goodnight kiss And I said, "Play it again, play it again, play it again." And she said, "Play it again, play it again, play it again."  The next Friday night We were sittin' out under the stars You should have seen her smile When I broke out my guitar  She was like, "Oh my God, this is my song. I've been listenin' to the radio all night long. Sittin' 'round, waitin' for it to come on and here it is." She was like, "Come here boy, I wanna dance." 'Fore I said a word she was takin' my hand Spinnin' in the headlights she gave me a goodnight kiss And she said, "Play it again, play it again, play it again." And I said, "Play it again, play it again, play it again."  Yeah, play it again, play it again, play it again Somebody, play it again, play it again, play it again|Country
lukebryan|Blood Brothers|We were as young as we were dumb When we piled in an old pile of junk It was one for all, and all for one A bunch of outlaws without a gun Shootin' bad booze outta Dixie cups Chasin' every girl that wasn't fast enough No matter how bad the break or how bad the luck Or how bad the day we still had us  Blood brothers closer than your next to kin Thick as thieves and the best of friends Take a bullet for each other  Yeah brothers like that don't come cheap You fight, you cry, you lie, you bleed And you lean on one another Blood brothers  I got a scar on my cheek from a bar room brawl Wasn't meant for me but I took the fall It's a cowboy code it's an unwrote law When you mess with one you gotta take us all.  Blood brother's closer than your next to kin Thick as thieves and the best of friends Take a bullet for each other  Yeah brothers like that don't come cheap You fight, you cry, you lie, you bleed And you lean on one another Blood brothers  Time can fly on by Everything can change Until the day we die We'll always remain We'll remain Yeah yeah yeah  Blood brothers closer than you next of kin Thick as thieves and the best of friends Take a bullet for each other  Yeah brothers like that don't come cheap You fight, you cry, you lie, you bleed And you lean on one another Blood brothers  Yeah yeah Oh oh Blood brothers|Country
lukebryan|Out Like That|You got me all caught up The way you look tonight We could head downtown Or I can turn around, up here, on the right Ah, just look at this sky  The rain ain’t far from fallin’ down  And I wanna get to know you Better than I know this little town, yes I do  I wanna feel your heart go tic-toc While the rain from your hair drip-drops  Parked out in the middle of nowhere  There’s a place I can get up against your lips  That’s where I gotta be with you lookin' like this  Let’s get lost somewhere Anywhere we ain’t gotta hold back If we’re gonna go out, baby Let's go out like that  And I’ll grab your door You can take my hand Hop up on my shoulders and I’ll walk us over Where we can dance  And I’ll leave the headlights on  So, I can see your face  Spin you ‘round in the mud  Yeah, soak it all up, baby  What’cha say, what’cha say  I wanna feel your heart go tic-toc While the rain from your hair drip-drops  Girl, I’m talkin' country kinda crazy, yeah  Out where I can get up against your lips  That’s where I gotta be with you lookin' like this  Let’s get lost somewhere Anywhere we ain’t gotta hold back If we’re gonna go out, baby Let's go out like that  Yeah, I wanna feel your heart go tic-toc While the rain from your hair drip-drops  Gettin’ country kinda crazy in the middle of nowhere  Out where I can get up against your lips  That’s where I gotta be with you lookin' like this  Let’s get lost somewhere Anywhere we ain’t gotta hold back If we’re gonna go out, baby Let's go out, baby  If we’re gonna go out, baby Let’s go out like that  Yeah girl, that's where it's at Let’s go out like that|Country
lukebryan|Dirt Road Diary|Me and daddy'd ride around all day shooting doves off a line in a Chevrolet. Old lab would jump out the back and fetch them up. We’d drive for miles and miles and never once hit blacktop or change the dial. One little country station was all there was.  Checking gates, fixing fence rows – that’s how my story goes.  If you want to know the real me, just turn the page in my dirt road diary. It’s right there for you to see, every kiss, every beer, every cotton field memory. Tan legs and some Dixie Land delight, ridin’ round, windows down on a summer night. I was there, and that was me. It's right here in my dirt road diary.  I remember when I turned sixteen I got a license and some gasoline. Ain't a curve or a straight away we didn’t fly down. If wasn’t the boys it was me and her by fire in a field or down on the river. Every inch of that county was sacred ground.  I wish I knew where that old truck was. If it could talk it could tell on us.  If you want to know the real me, just turn the page in my dirt road diary. It’s right there for you to see, every kiss, every beer, every cotton field memory. Tan legs and some Dixie Land delight, ridin’ round, windows down on a summer night. I was there, and that was me. It's right here in my dirt road diary.  It ain't a book underneath my bed; Just a dusty memory lane burned in my head.  Tan legs and some Dixie Land delight, ridin’ round, windows down feeling right I was there, that was me. It's right here in my dirt road diary.  Just ride around my little town and you’ll see how I wrote my dirt road diary.|Country
lukebryan|What Is It With You|Girl, there ain't no way you don't know how pretty you are Every mirror in this two lane town knows the trouble you cause I'd give anything to take that beer back I sent your way I shoulda just took a shot of warm whiskey and called it a day  <i>[Chorus]</i> Girl, you make me wanna love, you make me wanna hate Is it the thrill of the chase or just something you do What is it with you Are we in, are we out, why you runnin' me around Why you havin' such a damn hard time, girl, with the truth What is it with you  I spent half the day all hungover the morning after your kiss I knew the second that you showed up, baby, it'd be another week of this I keep prayin' that you mighta left something Something when you get undressed Something that you wanna come back for Whatever you can do to get me back in your mess  <i>[Chorus]</i> Girl, you make me wanna love, you make me wanna hate Is it the thrill of the chase or just something you do What is it with you Are we in, are we out, why you runnin' me around Why you havin' such a damn hard time, girl, with the truth What is it with you  Oh, I ain't me, I ain't right But I'll admit I kinda like all the heaven and hell that you put me through What is it with you Girl, you make me wanna love, you make me wanna hate Is it the thrill of the chase or just something you do What is it with you  What is it with you Oh, what is it with you|Country
lukebryan|Sunburnt Lips|Back again in the back of this pasture Sweatin' bad in the cab of this tractor I oughta be worried about the rain The last hundred rows could've been a little straighter Guess I'll be hittin' them again later I could turn this red dirt all day, yeah  Dreamin' 'bout sunburnt lips on me, all summer long We were tangled up in a blanket on the sand And the moonlight, watchin' that tide roll in Her skin on mine, the only thing I got on my mind Is a two-piece memory of her and me layin' on the beach And her sunburnt lips on me, yeah, her sunburnt lips  Behind the dust is a big ol' blue sky Kinda reminds me of those blue eyes smilin' back at me I slide up a gear and go a little faster Just a little breeze and I'm right back there And I can almost feel  Her sunburnt lips on me, all summer long We were tangled up in a blanket on the sand And the moonlight, watchin' that tide roll in Her skin on mine, the only thing I got on my mind Is a two-piece memory of her and me layin' on the beach And her sunburnt lips on me, yeah, her sunburnt lips  Oh, sunburnt lips, sunburnt lips, sunburnt lips  Sunburnt lips on me, all summer long We were tangled up in a blanket on the sand And the moonlight, watchin' that tide roll in Her skin on mine, the only thing I got on my mind Is a two-piece memory of her and me layin' on the beach And one sweet, sweet memory of layin' on the beach With her sunburnt lips on me, yeah, her sunburnt lips Sunburnt lips on me, yeah, her sunburnt lips|Country
lukebryan|Better Than My Heart|I'm feeling kind of banged up Slow out of the bed Neon noise and honkey-tonk wine ringing in my head Last night I saw your car I overheard your name Pilled my hat down low, wouldn't want you to know I was in this shape  <i>[Chorus]</i> Now these old beer bones Are like a rusty old plow These cigarettes eyes are 'Bout to burn out But they're still doing better Better than my heart These whiskey worn lips can't muster up a smile The soles on my boots have walked their last mile But they're still doing better Better than my heart  You filled it with your love Then you drained it out Sometimes I think you built it up Just to break it down Now that's really left Is an emptiness inside A river running cold, memories growing old Dying right there on the vine  <i>[Chorus x2]</i> Now these old beer bones Are like a rusty old plow These cigarettes eyes are 'Bout to burn out But they're still doing better Better than my heart These whiskey worn lips can't muster up a smile The soles on my boots have walked their last mile But they're still doing better Better than my heart  Yeah, they're still doing better Better than my heart Better than my heart|Country
lukebryan|Your Mama Should've Named You Whiskey|Just a little taste won't hurt at all But once I get a sip, I know I'm gonna wanna drink it gone, all gone 90 proof is an understatement I get around you and I'm way past wasted I can't think at all  Your mama should've named you whiskey I never should've let you kiss me And every time you leave it hits me Your mama should've named you whiskey  Girl, you got a smile like a devil on my shoulder Tempting me sayin', honey come over right now, right now I know I shouldn't wanna, but I think I'm probably gonna Even though I know I'm gonna be wakin' up hurtin' in the morning Shoulda come with a warning  Your mama should've named you whiskey I never should've let you kiss me Yeah, and every time you leave it hits me Your mama should've named you whiskey  I'm addicted girl, I'm hangin; on I'm a fool in love, I'm long past gone Yeah, so, come on  Your mama should've named you whiskey I never should've let you kiss me Oh, and every time you leave it hits me Oh baby, your mama should've named you whiskey  I'm addicted girl, such a fool I'm addicted girl Such a fool|Country
lukebryan|Suntan City|(It's 'bout that time a year again!) It was bumper to bumper when I hit Bay County So I stopped and let the top down;  Speakers were a bumpin', little hip-hop somethin' I was stirrin' up a coke and crown;  Didn't even check in the room, We went straight for the beach, Didn't even give the ice a chance to melt;  Now I'm scoutin' my spot, Where we were gunna rock, With the biggest buzz I ever felt  <i>[Chorus]</i> Now I'm sittin' pretty in Suntan City, Got the best view in the world, Spendin' my days catchin' these rays, Watchin coconut covered girls  They keep strollin' by, and they keep rollin' in, like the waves on the sand  Yea, I'm sittin' pretty in Suntan City, with a cold one in my hand (Whoooo!)  Hey there cutie with a Kentucky coozie, have you ever hung with a Georgia boy? And why don't you and your friends, ease on over here and chug a beer with Miss Illinois?  <i>[Chorus]</i> Yea I'm sittin' pretty in Suntan City, Got the best view in the world, Spendin' my days catchin' these rays, Watchin coconut covered girls  They keep strollin' by, and they keep rollin' in, like the waves on the sand  Yea, I'm sittin' pretty in Suntan City, with a cold one in my hand  <i>[Bridge]</i> I gotta buddy who blew all his money, and he had to stay his broke-ass home, He's been goin' crazy, blowin' up my phone Wantin' to know whats goin' on  <i>[Chorus]</i> I tell him I'm sittin pretty in Suntan City, Got the best view in the world, Spendin' my days catchin' these rays, Watchin coconut covered girls  And they keep strollin' by, and they keep rollin' in, like the waves on the sand  Yea, I'm sittin' pretty in Suntan City, with a cold one in my hand (Yeah!)  Sittin' pretty, right here in Suntan City|Country
lukebryan|Just a Sip|What gives you courage to walk up to a ten in a bar What turns the nervous into a rockstar What gets you through the week then And right on through the weekend And puts you back together again  Just a sip, just a sip Beer or whiskey if you're with me, wet your lips Gonna be mmhmm so good, mmhmm so nice Starting this night off so right with... Just a sip  What makes a good ol' boy start pumping his fist in the sky What makes a shy girl walk on the wild side What makes a party better Makes it last forever Everybody all together now  Take a sip, just a sip Beer or whiskey if you're with me, wet your lips Gonna be mmhmm so good, mmhmm so nice Starting this night off so right with... Just a sip  You can chug it down all you want But you ain't gonna last long Trust me you can get there with  Just a sip, just a sip Beer or whiskey if you're with me, wet your lips Gonna be mmhmm so good, mmhmm so right Starting this night off so right with... Just a sip  Takin' one of them big ol' sips|Country
lukebryan|Buzzkill|You're like a screen flashin', insufficient funds, Cops knockin' when the party's just begun.  You're a big rain cloud parked over my boat.  You're a cell phone splashin' in my coffee cup,  A fumble on the one when my team was going up, You're like brakes on my brain and all I know,  <i>[Chorus]</i> You're a buzzkill, every time you come around. Those beers might as well have been poured out. Why are you still showin' up and bringin' me down? Why do I keep letting you get to me, and mess up what this night was gonna be? You walk right by, crashing my high like I know you will,  you little buzzkill. Baby, you're a buzzkill.  I used to do everything I could do to do nice things, No matter what I did or didn't do it didn't change.  Everybody knows you ended us. So why you showing up here on my side of the tracks? Slipping in this bar just to check out where I'm at, I was a six pack in, now I'm as sober as a judge, cause  <i>[Chorus]</i> You're a buzzkill, every time you come around. Those beers might as well have been poured out. Why are you still showin' up and bringin' me down? Why do I keep letting you get to me, and mess up what this night was gonna be? You walk right by, crashing my high like I know you will,  you little buzzkill.  As if it didn't hurt enough, Now I gotta see you flirt. Nailed to the stool, watching you work, Don't you give a damn about how I feel,You little brown haired, blue eyed, beautiful buzzkill. Yeah, yeah, yeah You're such a buzzkill.  <i>[Chorus]</i> Yeah, You're a buzzkill, every time you come around. Those beers might as well have been poured out. Why are you still showin' up and bringing me down? Why do I keep letting you get to me, and mess up what this night was gonna be? You walk right by, crashing my high like I know you will,  you little buzzkill. You little buzzkill.|Country
lukebryan|If You Ain't Here to Party|We got beer, and a tub, And some good lookin' girls Dressed to the nights, Lookin' for a good time  Jacked up trucks Stacked in thick White rocks stuck In the mud grips  And a big 'ole bouncer at the door But don't show him your I.D. And don't you dare step out on the floor  If you ain't here to party You picked the wrong place You picked the wrong Friday night If you ain't here to party You'll be missin' out on the Best damn time of your life So go on and throw your card down Knock a shot out And get yourself in the zone Yeah, you might as well go on And head your ass back home If you ain't here to party  There's a little 'ole Louisiana band Playin' a swampy jam and brown sugar tans Lookin' so fine shakin' that thang In the zydeco cage and purple rain  Raise your drink up in the air And everybody sing along.. Man, you're here all alone  If you ain't here to party You picked the wrong place You picked the wrong Friday night If you ain't here to party You'll be missin' out on the Best damn time of your life So go on and throw your card down Knock a shot out And get yourself in the zone Yeah, you might as well go on And carry your ass back home If you ain't here to party  If you ain't here to party You picked the wrong place You picked the wrong Friday night If you ain't here to party You'll be missin' out on the Best damn time of your life So go on and pick someone out Maybe make out And get their number in your phone Man, the only way that you'll be Goin' home alone is If you ain't here to party  Yeah, you better be here to party Yeah, we're all here to party Yeah, we're all here to party  Throw your keys on the bar You ain't drivin' your car You're here with me That's how it's gonna be  'Cause we're here to party, baby Yeah, yeah whoa If you ain't here to party You picked the wrong Friday night|Country
lukebryan|Little Bit Later On|Drop it boys  I say hey man Whatcha doing later on? He said aw man I'm just hanging out later on  I said I'll swing by and get ya And you'll be there and I bet ya We can find a little something to do a little later on  I say hey man What's Jr and them doing later on? He said aw man He's gotta check on his momma and them later on  So it looks like you and me So let's ride around and see If we can find a little bit of trouble a little later on  Come on!  When the stars come out And the sun's long gone We're gonna drink up a lotta beer a little later on Gonna find a good spot Crank up a few songs We're gonna get on outta here a little later on  You know out in the country don't make no plans Throw it out there, see where it lands Rockin' out all night and roll back home A little bit later on  I said hey girl Whatcha doing later on? She said I'm getting off work later on  I said call a couple of your friends 'Cause me and my buddy Ben We're gonna be back by to get you a little later on  Haha yeah  When the stars come out And the sun's long gone We're gonna drink up a lotta beer a little later on Gonna find a good spot Crank up a few songs We're gonna get on outta here a little later on  You know out in the country don't make no plans Grab a pretty girl, take her by the hand Rockin' out all night and roll back home A little bit later on  Meet up with you little bit, little bit, little bit later on Come on now a little bit, little bit, little bit later on We're gonna break it all down to the break of dawn A little bit, little bit, little bit later on  When the stars come out And the sun's long gone We're gonna drink up a lotta beer a little later on We're gonna do it up right All night long Gonna worry 'bout tomorrow a little later on  You know out in the country don't make no plans Find a little bar with a guitar band Rockin' out all night and roll back home A little bit later on A little bit later on  Lay a little bit of rubber down on some asphalt 50 yard line, better not get a butt call A little bit later on Find a little spot right down on the creek bank Really don't care what your momma and daddy might think A little bit later on A little bit later on|Country
lukebryan|In Love With the Girl|It feels like I woke up one mornin' and it all changed without warnin' I don't know how our paths crossed but all I know is I've been lost Now it's hard to think That we were ever strangers  <i>[Chorus]</i> Was it the wine or the moonlight glow or the way we were dancin on that old dirt road was it the sweet song she was singin' or the way it all happened without even thinkin' I've been on the edge I've been on the brink But I don't think I've ever been this far So yes I, whoa yes I, yes I'm in love with the girl  I talk about bein' caught off guard Talk about an old boy fallin' hard Think about a few weeks flyin' by and talk about losin' track of time Now I'm countin' every second until I see her  <i>[Chorus]</i> Was it the wine or the moonlight glow or the way we were dancin on that old dirt road was it the sweet song she was singin' or the way it all happened without even thinkin' I've been on the edge I've been on the brink But I don't think I've ever been this far So yes I, whoa yes I, yes I'm in love with the girl  I was cool with hangin around Now I got plans bigger than this town Sayin things I ain't never said and bein with her ever chance I get Heard the old man say son when you know Hold on tight and don't let go So yes I, whoa yes I, yes I'm in love with the girl|Country
lukebryan|Shore Thing|There's a fifty-fifty chance That the room ain't ready Odds are, the cooler's too heavy, To tote down to the beach all by myself  I'd be willing to bet, By the end of the week I'll pass out in room 319 And to round up all my clothes I might need a little help  But it's a shore thing, The sun will be shinning, On my cold drink, And I'll be lying On a miller light towel Havin' happy hour All day long in the sand  We may never sleep We may never leave Raise too much hell Never make bail But in the morning it'll be alright Cause it's a shore thing We're getting tore down tonight  I think it's safe to say I'll make a few new friends Take us out at a bar Throw a beer on the band Toss down head into a parking lot road  And I wouldn't be surprised If my ex shows up Huggin' all over some dude in his truck I guess down here That's the way things go But I'll be fine Cause all I know  It's a shore thing, The sun will be shinning, On my cold drink, And I'll be lying On a miller light towel Havin' happy hour All day long in the sand  We may never sleep We may never leave Raise too much hell Never make bail But in the morning it'll be alright Cause it's a shore thing We're getting tore down tonight|Country
lukebryan|Sorority Girl|<i>[Verse 1]</i> You got your sundress on for game day Just to drink beer on an old tailgate You were born and raised to be a southern belle But in a place like this you like to raise a little hell You got your year-round tan You’re on the five year plan You shake your little pom poms up in the stands  <i>[Chorus]</i> My my my little ADPi Kappa Delta Tri Delts you look so fine Ooo don’t know what I’m gonna do around those Zeta’s Theta’s Chi O’s and little Phi Mu’s Hey Yea Hey Yea My my sorority girl My my sorority girl  <i>[Verse 2]</i> You got that high school boyfriend you still think about You know how to make him jealous when he comes into town You drive your little love bug when you’re skipping class And your sisters get you home when you’re drunk off your ass You know how to be a lady Yea you’re still your daddy’s baby You drive the band and the boys and the bartenders crazy  <i>[Chorus]</i> My my my little ADPi Kappa Delta Tri Delts you look so fine Ooo don’t know what I’m gonna do around those Zeta’s Theta’s Chi O’s and little Phi Mu’s Hey Yea Hey Yea My my sorority girl My my sorority girl  Ooo here you come again Walking my way And there I go again with nothing to say My my my little ADPi Kappa Delta Tri Delts you look so fine Ooo don’t know what I’m gonna do around those Zeta’s Theta’s Chi O’s and little Phi Mu’s Hey Yea Hey Yea My my sorority girl My my sorority girl Yea you rock this county boy’s world My my sorority girl|Country
lukebryan|Love in a College Town|Girl I’ll be over there With my buddies drinkin’ beer  If you need me, come and get me When you hear our song  In a little while When you’re ready shoot me that smile  That way I’ll know, that its time to go You got your buzz on   We won’t ever look as good as we do now So let’s take another shot, drink another round Hug on one another, talk about each other Stay until they kick us out Nothin’ like love in a college town  All the rumors fly Did you hear who hooked up last night? Thought she was all about, cause all she talked about Was some old boy back home There’s old what’s-his-name He just can’t seem to graduate Hittin’ on the new crop, buyin’ em lemon drops Man that’s just wrong!   We won’t ever look as good as we do now So let’s take another shot, drink another round Hug on one another, talk about each other Stay until they kick us out Feels like love in a college town  I’m gonna fail this test Thinking ‘bout your dress Layin’ on my floor Runnin’ out the door  A-A-B-A-C, that sounds good to me!  We won’t ever look as good as we do now So let’s give it one more shot Baby how’s that sound?  Hug on one another, kiss on each other In the morning we can chalk it down As love in a college town  Gotta’ love love in a college town|Country
lukebryan|Wild Weekend|We've been gettin' beat up by this ol' life, seems all we got left is Friday and Saturday night and sometimes Sunday if Monday is a holiday. I got a bunch of buddies I ain't seen in a while, I got some good-time fun and hot dog buns in a stock pile, with some home brew, Malibu and Miller Lite. Girl put on that short little party dress and make me a little bit jealous. It’s gunna be a wild weekend, been on the phone with all my friends. There’s a little spot in the river bend were the sun sits high. Long as the keg don’t float and the ice don’t melt, we’ll loosen up a notch on the Bible belt. Girl you can bet we’ll fall in love again and again and again. It’s gunna be a wild, wild, wild weekend. It's Friday afternoon and the countdowns on, cell phone's singin' that All My Rowdy Friends Are Comin' Over Tonight, bad to the bone rington, come on, come on, come on, baby let's get gone. It's bumper to bumper in the outbound, and we're already gettin' down. It’s gunna be a wild weekend, been on the phone with all my friends. There’s a little spot in the river bend were the sun sits high. Long as the keg don’t float and the ice don’t melt, we’ll loosen up a notch on the Bible belt. Girl you can bet we’ll fall in love again and again and again. It’s gunna be a wild, wild, wild weekend. Aww put on the short little party dress, make me a little bit jealous, get me thinkin' goodness. It’s gunna be a wild weekend, been on the phone with all my friends. There’s a little spot in the river bend were the sun sits high. Long as the keg don’t float and the ice don’t melt, we’ll loosen up a notch on the Bible belt. Girl you can bet we’ll fall in love again and again and again. It’s gunna be a wild, wild, wild weekend. It's gunna be a wild, wild, wild weekend. Yeah. We been needing this for a long, long time. Ooo my baby sure is lookin' fine. What's up man? How ya'll been? Throw me a ski rope.|Country
lukebryan|Cold Beer Drinker|Hey! Whiskey burns me up, wine turns my teeth all red. Tequila makes me loco, champagne hurts my head. But let me tell ya I'm a real big fan, of ice fishin' for them aluminum cans.  I'm just a cold beer drinker, check out the callus on pop-top finger. Got a cooler in the back with a 12 pack ready to roll. I'm a killer karaoke country singer, top-water rattle-trap spinner bait slinger, king of the grill and a short putt sinker, I'm just a cold beer drinker.  Monday through 5 o' clock Friday I'm a hard workin' man. Responsible, kinda dull, head-down, stick to the plan. But all my buddies know me better than that, get us all together and we start throwin' 'em back.  I'm just a cold beer drinker, check out the callus on pop-top finger. Got a cooler in the back with a 12 pack ready to roll. I'm a killer karaoke country singer, top-water rattle-trap spinner bait slinger, king of the grill and a short putt sinker, I'm just a cold beer drinker, I'm just a cold beer drinker.  As far as I'm concerned, it's the All-American way. Twist the top off, just to cap off the day, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey.  I'm just a cold beer drinker, check out the callus on pop-top finger. Got a cooler in the back with a 12 pack rarin' to go. Don't you know I'm a killer karaoke country singer, top-water rattle-trap spinner bait slinger, king of the grill and a short putt sinker, I'm just a cold beer drinker, I'm just a cold beer drinker, I'm just a cold beer drinker. Yeah.|Country
lukebryan|Spring Break-Up|It was the last night at the Holiday Inn There was a fire on the beach I was trying to talk to some other girl And she was bird-dogging me I finally had enough I pulled over to the side Brushed her hair back and looked her straight in the eye  It was a spring break-up, Baby don't cry, You ain't from here and neither am I We got a little drunk And had a good time Now it's a spring break-up Baby bye bye Bye bye bye bye Baby bye bye Bye bye bye bye  No I don't need your number Don't want to be your Facebook friend I hate to break it to ya But you won't ever see me again If I'm a bad guy, well I don't mean to be But there's a beach full of buddies Acting just like me  Spring break-up, Baby don't cry, You ain't from here and neither am I We got a little drunk And had a good time Now it's a spring break-up Baby bye bye  Bye bye to the night that we shared The memories we made on that ol' beach chair So long to the beer in that kiss Hope it don't take you long to get over this...  Spring break-up, Baby don't cry, You ain't from here and neither am I I know we got a little drunk And had a good time Now it's a spring break-up  Spring break-up, Baby don't cry, You ain't from here and neither am I We got a little drunk And we had a good time Now it's a spring break-up Baby bye bye Bye bye bye bye Baby bye bye Bye bye bye bye Baby bye bye Bye bye bye bye Baby bye bye Bye bye bye bye|Country
lukebryan|Take My Drunk Ass Home|It's time to take my drunk ass home I drank all the whiskey and my moneys all gone Hit on all the girls, sang every song It's time to take my drunk ass home  Well I worked all week So I could come here Have a good time and an ice cold beer But 1 turned to 10 and 10 turned to 20 And 20 plus an empty bottle's too damn many  It's time to take my drunk ass home I drank all the whiskey and my moneys all gone Hit on all the girls, sang every song It's time to take my drunk ass home  Well it seems that I, misplaced my shirt I cant find my keys for all this parkin' lot dirt My fall back plan, has done got sad 'Cause my ex-girlfriend ain't lookin' half bad  It's time to take my drunk ass home I drank all the whiskey and my moneys all gone Hit on all the girls, sang every song It's time to take my drunk ass home  "Help me up, aw put me back down put me back down"  I sucker punched my best friend And the bouncer head locked me on stage with the band I, I look like hell, I feel like shit I think its time I call it quits  It's time to take my drunk ass home I drank all the whiskey and my moneys all gone Hit on all the girls, sang every song It's time to take my drunk ass home  Yea its time to take my drunk ass home I twisted up my ankle, cant find my cell phone Yea my lips all busted and my buzz is gone Its time to take my drunk ass home  If y'all agree, then sing along Its time to take, my drunk ass home  "Oh somebody call me a cab, please"|Country
carrieunderwood|Flat On the Floor|I'm flat on the floor With my head down low Where the sky can't rain on me anymore Don't knock on my door 'cause I won't come I'm hiding from the storm 'til the damage gets done  Baby, baby, baby, baby tell me why You gotta make me, make me, make me, make me, make me cry Oh, Lord If I told you once, I told you a thousand times You can't knock me off my feet, when I'm already on my knees  'Cause I'm flat on the floor with my head down low Where the sky can't rain on me anymore Don't knock on my door 'cause I won't come I'm hiding from the storm 'til the damage gets done  Baby, baby, baby, baby tell me how You think you gonna live without my love now I don't know why you gotta keep coming around Creeping up my street Oh, boy, you can't bother me  Now I'm flat on the floor with my head down low Where the sky can't rain on me anymore Don't knock on my door 'cause I won't come I'm hiding from the storm 'til the damage gets done  You ain't gonna get to me tonight I'll lay right here 'til it all blows through I ain't gonna raise my body 'Til there ain't no sign, 'til there ain't no sign, 'til there ain't no sign of you  'Cause I'm flat on the floor with my head down low Where the sky can't rain on me anymore Don't knock on my door 'cause I won't come I'm hiding from the storm 'til the damage gets  I'm flat on the floor with my head down low Where the sky can't rain on me anymore Don't knock on my door 'cause I won't come I'm hiding from the storm 'til the damage gets  Now I'm flat on the floor with my head down low Where the sky can't rain on me anymore Don't knock on my door 'cause I won't come I'm hiding from the storm 'til the damage gets done  Don't knock on my door I'm hiding from the storm 'til the damage gets done|Country
carrieunderwood|All-American Girl|Since the day they got married He'd been praying for a little baby boy Someone he could take fishing Throw the football and be his pride and joy  He could already see him holding that trophy Taking his team to state But when the nurse came in with a little pink blanket All those big dreams changed  And now he's wrapped around her finger She's the center of his whole world And his heart belongs to that sweet, little, beautiful, wonderful, perfect All-American girl  Sixteen short years later She was falling for the senior football star Before he knew it he was dropping passes Skipping practice just to spend more time with her  The coach said, "Hey, son, what's your problem? Tell me, have you lost your mind?" Daddy said, "You'll lose your free ride to college. Boy, you better tell her goodbye."  But now he's wrapped around her finger She's the center of his whole world And his heart belongs to that sweet, little, beautiful, wonderful, perfect All-American...  And when they got married and decided to have one of their own She said, "Be honest, tell me what you want?" And he said, "Honey, you ought to know...  A sweet, little, beautiful one just-a like you. I want a beautiful, wonderful, perfect all-American..."  Now he's wrapped around her finger She's the center of his whole world And his heart belongs to that sweet, little, beautiful, wonderful, perfect All-American girl  All-American girl|Country
carrieunderwood|So Small|What you got if you ain't got love The kind that you just want to give away It's okay to open up Go ahead and let the light shine through I know it's hard on a rainy day You want to shut the world out and just be left alone But don't run out on your faith  'Cause sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand And what you've been up there searching for forever is in your hands When you figure out love is all that matters after all It sure makes everything else seem so small  It's so easy to get lost inside A problem that seems so big at the time It's like a river that's so wide It swallows you whole While you're sitting 'round thinking 'bout what you can't change And worrying about all the wrong things Time's flying by Moving so fast You better make it count 'cause you can't get it back  Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand And what you've been up there searching for forever is in your hands And when you figure out love is all that matters after all It sure makes everything else seem so small  Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand And what you've been up there searching for forever is in your hands When you figure out love is all that matters after all It sure makes everything else Oh, it sure makes everything else seem so small|Country
carrieunderwood|Just a Dream|It was two weeks after the day she turned eighteen All dressed in white Going to the church that night She had his box of letters in the passenger seat Sixpence in a shoe, something borrowed, something blue And when the church doors opened up wide She put her veil down Trying to hide the tears Oh she just couldn't believe it She heard the trumpets from the military band And the flowers fell out of her hand  Baby why'd you leave me Why'd you have to go? I was counting on forever, now I'll never know I can't even breathe It's like I'm looking from a distance Standing in the background Everybody's saying, "He's not coming home now." This can't be happening to me This is just a dream  The preacher man said, "Let us bow our heads and pray Lord please lift his soul, and heal this hurt." Then the congregation all stood up and sang the saddest song that she ever heard Then they handed her a folded up flag And she held on to all she had left of him Oh, and what could have been And then the guns rang one last shot And it felt like a bullet in her heart  Baby, why'd you leave me Why'd you have to go? I was counting on forever, now I'll never know I can't even breathe It's like I'm looking from a distance Standing in the background Everybody's saying, "He's not coming home now." This can't be happening to me This is just a dream  Oh, Baby, why'd you leave me Why'd you have to go? I was counting on forever, now I'll never know Oh, I'll never know It's like I'm looking from a distance Standing in the background Everybody's saying, "He's not coming home now." This can't be happening to me This is just a dream  Oh, this is just a dream Just a dream Yeah, yeah|Country
carrieunderwood|Get Out of This Town|Got it all figured out inside of my head There's a bag packed up at the foot of my bed You say the word, baby I'm all set We'll cover our tracks, tell a couple white lies Make sure we got a good alibi And by the time they catch on, we'll be outta their sight Long gone, baby  Let's get out of this town tonight Nothing but dust in the shadows Gone by morning light Somewhere we won't ever get caught, ever be found Baby, let's just get out of this town  Don't need directions, don't need a map If we get lost I'll be good with that Yeah we'll find a way to make the time pass Windows rolled down with the heat on high Stars all aligned in a runaway sky Holding my hand as the miles roll by Long gone, baby  Let's get out of this town tonight Nothing but dust in the shadows Gone by morning light Somewhere we won't ever get caught, ever be found Baby, let's just get out of this town  If we leave tonight and drive fast enough All of our troubles will be just like us Long gone, baby  Let's get out of this town tonight Nothing but dust in the shadows Gone by morning light Somewhere we won't ever get caught, ever be found  Yeah, let's get out of this town tonight Let's get out of this town tonight Yeah, we won't ever get caught, ever be found Baby, let's just get out of this town|Country
carrieunderwood|Crazy Dreams|Hello you long shots You dark horse runners Hairbrush singers, dashboard drummers Hello you wild magnolias Just waiting to bloom  There's a little bit of all that inside of me and you Thank God even crazy dreams come true  I stood at the bottom of some walls I thought I couldn't climb I felt like Cinderella at the ball just running out of time So I know how it feels to be afraid Think that it's all gonna slip away Hold on, hold on  Here's to you free souls, you firefly chasers Tree climbers, porch swingers, air guitar players Here's to you fearless dancers, shaking walls in your bedrooms  There's a lot of wonder left inside of me and you Thank God even crazy dreams come true  Never let a bad day be enough To go and talk you in to giving up Sometimes everybody feels like you Oh, feels like you, just like you Yeah  I've met some go-getters Some difference makers Small town heroes, and big chance takers I've met some young hearts with something to prove Oh, yeah  Here's to you long shots You dark horse runners Hairbrush singers, and dashboard drummers Here's to you wild magnolias Just waiting to bloom  There's a little bit of all that inside of me and you Thank God even crazy dreams come true Thank God even crazy dreams come true Yeah|Country
carrieunderwood|Last Name|Last night I got served a little bit too much of that poison, baby Last night I did things I'm not proud of And I got a little crazy Last night I met a guy on the dance floor and I let him call me "Baby"  And I don't even know his last name My momma would be so ashamed It started off "Hey, cutie, where you from?" And then it turned into "Oh, no! What have I done?" And I don't even know his last name  We left the club right 'bout around 3 o'clock in the morning His Pinto sitting there in the parking lot, well, it should have been a warning I had no clue what I was getting into So, I'll blame it on the Cuervo Oh, where did my manners go?  I don't even know his last name Oh, my momma would be so ashamed It started off "Hey, cutie, where you from?" And then it turned into "Oh, no! What have I done?" And I don't even know his last name  Here we go  Today I woke up thinking about Elvis somewhere in Vegas I'm not sure how I got here Or how this ring on my left hand just appeared outta nowhere I gotta go take the chips and the Pinto and hit the road They say, "What happens here, stays here, all of this will disappear."  There's just one little problem  I don't even know my last name Oh, my momma would be so ashamed It started off "Hey, cutie, where you from?" And then it turned into "Oh, no! What have I done?" And I don't even know my last name  What have I done What have I done What have I done  Oh, what have I done? I don't even know my last name  Well, it turned into "Oh, no! What have I done?" And I don't even know my last name  It started off "Hey, cutie, where you from?" And then it turned into, "Oh, no! What have I done?" And I don't even know my last name|Country
carrieunderwood|You Won't Find This|Did you check the tires Put gas in the car Don't think you need too much 'cause you ain't gonna get that far Did you pack the good times Don't forget a map Just in case the route you take isn't there to take you back  You can hold any girl that you like Fall in love when it's easy at night But you'll wake up wondering why she ain't ever something better When you're lost and you run out of road Find what I already know In the end close is all there is But you won't find this No, you won't find this  There's once in a lifetime And there's once in a while And the difference between the two is about a million miles Oh, you might get lucky while the moon is looking up But in the truth of the morning, the stars will be long gone  You can hold any girl that you like Fall in love when it's easy at night But you'll wake up wondering why she ain't ever something better When you're lost and you run out of road Find what I already know In the end close is all there is But you won't find this  You can hold any girl that you like Fall in love when it's easy at night But you'll wake up wondering why she ain't ever something better When you're lost and you run out of road Find what I already know In the end close is all there is Oh, in the end it's me you're gonna miss 'Cause you won't find this Oh, you won't find this|Country
carrieunderwood|I Told You So|Suppose I called you up tonight And told you that I love you And suppose I said I wanna come back home And suppose I cried and said I think I've finally learned my lesson And I'm tired of spending all my time alone If I told you that I realized you're all I ever wanted And it's killing me to be so far away Would you tell me that you love me too And would we cry together Or would you simply laugh at me and say  I told you so Oh, I told you so I told you someday you'd come crawling back and asking me to take you in I told you so But you had to go Now I've found somebody new and you will never break my heart in two again  If I got down on my knees and told you I was yours forever Would you get down on yours too and take my hand Would we get that old time feeling Would we laugh and talk for hours The way we did when our love first began Would you tell me that you've missed me too And that you've been so lonely And you've waited for the day that I returned And we'd live and love forever And that I'm your one and only Or would you say the tables finally turned  Would you say I told you so Oh, I told you so I told you someday you'd come crawling back and asking me to take you in I told you so But you had to go Now I found somebody new and you will never break my heart in two again  Now I found somebody new and you will never break my heart in two again|Country
carrieunderwood|Twisted|Baby you're a wrecking ball Crashing into me Nothing I can do but fall Piece by piece You broke down every part of me That ever thought I'd never need you, baby  It's twisted, messed up And the more I think about it It's crazy, but so what I may never understand it I'm caught up and I'm hanging on I'm gonna love you even if it's wrong  Everybody's telling me I'm over my head But they don't feel you loving me They all say that I've gone crazy Maybe, but it's too late now to save me I'm too tangled  It's twisted, messed up And the more I think about it It's crazy, but so what I may never understand it I'm caught up and I'm hanging on I'm gonna love you even if it's wrong Even if it's twisted  Maybe it's not right But that's all right Yeah, it's all right tonight  It's twisted, messed up And the more I think about it It's crazy, but so what I may never understand it  It's twisted, messed up And the more I think about it It's crazy, but so what I may never understand it I'm caught up and I'm hanging on I'm gonna love you even if it's wrong Even if it's twisted  Even if it's just a little bit, just a little bit, just a little twisted It's twisted|Country
carrieunderwood|Wheel of the World|Love goes out, out like a light Out like a flame, and you can't find it anymore Just when you think it's lost in the rain It comes back knocking at your door  It's the wheel of the world turning around It's the wheel of the world turning around And around  God put us here on this carnival ride We close our eyes Never knowing where it will take us next Babies are born and at the same time, someone's taking their last breath  It's the wheel of the world It's the wheel of the world turning around  In the blink of an eye It can change your life And it never even slows down  It's the wheel of the world  I don't know what it is I'm flying high Then I'm wondering why I'm sinking on this ship, going down Life keeps on moving anyway  It's the wheel of the world It's the wheel of the world turning around It's the wheel of the world It's the wheel of the world turning around It's the wheel of the world turning around And around And around It's the wheel of the world turning around  It can open your heart It can break you apart And it never even slows down  It's the wheel of the world turning around It's the wheel of the world turning around It's the wheel of the world turning around It's the wheel of the world turning around And around|Country
carrieunderwood|Sometimes You Leave|All the raindrops In the sky tonight Can't compare with all the pain And all the tears I've cried But now I'm done  All the make believe Locked in this picture frame Is gonna stay behind Along with all the burning rage That's been tearing through my heart It killing me slowly Every beat, I was falling apart  Sometimes you give Sometimes they take Sometimes you bend And sometimes they break you down Sometimes you stick around Trying to change them Make them someone that they'll never be And sometimes you leave  All this time I've spent Staring at the door I never had the strength To pack my bags and leave before But now I'm done Lying to myself when it's clear That you're not the one  Sometimes you give Sometimes they take Sometimes you bend And sometimes they break you down Sometimes you stick around Trying to change them Make them someone that they'll never be And sometimes you leave  When there's nothing left For me to leave behind And you're already too far gone To say goodbye  Sometimes you give Sometimes they take Sometimes you bend And sometimes they break you down Sometimes you stick around Trying to change them Make them someone that they'll never be And sometimes you leave  Sometimes you leave|Country
carrieunderwood|So Small|What you got if you ain't got love The kind that you just want to give away It's okay to open up Go ahead and let the light shine through I know it's hard on a rainy day You want to shut the world out and just be left alone But don't run out on your faith  'Cause sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand And what you've been up there searching for forever is in your hands When you figure out love is all that matters after all It sure makes everything else seem so small  It's so easy to get lost inside A problem that seems so big at the time It's like a river that's so wide It swallows you whole While you're sitting 'round thinking 'bout what you can't change And worrying about all the wrong things Time's flying by Moving so fast You better make it count 'cause you can't get it back  Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand And what you've been up there searching for forever is in your hands And when you figure out love is all that matters after all It sure makes everything else seem so small  Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand And what you've been up there searching for forever is in your hands When you figure out love is all that matters after all It sure makes everything else Oh, it sure makes everything else seem so small|Country
carrieunderwood|Get Out Of This Town|Got it all figured out inside of my head There's a bag packed up at the foot of my bed You say the word, baby I'm all set We'll cover our tracks, tell a couple white lies Make sure we got a good alibi And by the time they catch on, we'll be outta their sight Long gone, baby  Let's get out of this town tonight Nothing but dust in the shadows Gone by morning light Somewhere we won't ever get caught, ever be found Baby, let's just get out of this town  Don't need directions, don't need a map If we get lost I'll be good with that Yeah we'll find a way to make the time pass Windows rolled down with the heat on high Stars all aligned in a runaway sky Holding my hand as the miles roll by Long gone, baby  Let's get out of this town tonight Nothing but dust in the shadows Gone by morning light Somewhere we won't ever get caught, ever be found Baby, let's just get out of this town  If we leave tonight and drive fast enough All of our troubles will be just like us Long gone, baby  Let's get out of this town tonight Nothing but dust in the shadows Gone by morning light Somewhere we won't ever get caught, ever be found  Yeah, let's get out of this town tonight Let's get out of this town tonight Yeah, we won't ever get caught, ever be found Baby, let's just get out of this town|Country
carrieunderwood|Just A Dream|It was two weeks after the day she turned eighteen All dressed in white Going to the church that night She had his box of letters in the passenger seat Sixpence in a shoe, something borrowed, something blue And when the church doors opened up wide She put her veil down Trying to hide the tears Oh she just couldn't believe it She heard the trumpets from the military band And the flowers fell out of her hand  Baby why'd you leave me Why'd you have to go? I was counting on forever, now I'll never know I can't even breathe It's like I'm looking from a distance Standing in the background Everybody's saying, "He's not coming home now." This can't be happening to me This is just a dream  The preacher man said, "Let us bow our heads and pray Lord please lift his soul, and heal this hurt." Then the congregation all stood up and sang the saddest song that she ever heard Then they handed her a folded up flag And she held on to all she had left of him Oh, and what could have been And then the guns rang one last shot And it felt like a bullet in her heart  Baby, why'd you leave me Why'd you have to go? I was counting on forever, now I'll never know I can't even breathe It's like I'm looking from a distance Standing in the background Everybody's saying, "He's not coming home now." This can't be happening to me This is just a dream  Oh, Baby, why'd you leave me Why'd you have to go? I was counting on forever, now I'll never know Oh, I'll never know It's like I'm looking from a distance Standing in the background Everybody's saying, "He's not coming home now." This can't be happening to me This is just a dream  Oh, this is just a dream Just a dream Yeah, yeah|Country
carrieunderwood|Wasted|Standing at the back door She tried to make it fast One tear hit the hard wood It fell like broken glass She said sometimes love slips away And you just can't get it back Let's face it  For one split second She almost turned around But that would be like pouring rain drops Back into a cloud So she took another step and said I see the way out and I'm gonna' take it  I don't wanna' spend my life jaded Waiting to wake up one day and find That I've let all these years go by Wasted  Another glass of whiskey but it still don't kill the pain So he stumbles to the sink and pours it down the drain He says it's time to be a man and stop living for yesterday Gotta face it  Cause' I don't wanna' spend my life jaded Waiting to wake up one day and find That I've let all these years go by Wasted  Oh I don't wanna' keep on wishing, missing The still of the morning, the color of the night I ain't spending no more time Wasted  She kept drivin' along Till the moon and the sun were floating side-by-side He looked in the mirror and his eyes were clear For the first time in a while  Hey, yeah Oh, I don't wanna' spend my life jaded Waiting to wake up one day and find That I've let all these years go by Wasted  Oh I don't wanna' keep on wishing, missing The still of the morning, the color of the night I ain't spending no more time Wasted  Oh, I don't wanna' spend my life jaded Waiting to wake up one day and find That I've let all these years go by Wasted  Yeah, yeah Oh I don't wanna' keep on wishing, missing The still of the morning, the color of the night I ain't spending no more time Wasted|Country
carrieunderwood|Hark! The Herald Angels Sing|Hark! the herald angels sing Glory to the new-born king Peace on earth and mercy mild God and sinners reconciled  Joyful, all ye nations, rise Join the triumph of the skies With the angelic host proclaim Christ is born in bethlehem Hark! the herald angels sing Glory to the new-born king  Christ, by highest heaven adored Christ, the everlasting lord Late in time behold him come Offspring of the virgin's womb  Joyful, all ye nations, rise Join the triumph of the skies Pleased as man with man to dwell Jesus, our emmanuel! Hark! the herald angels sing Glory to the new-born king  Hail the heaven-born  Prince of peace Hail the son of righteousness Light and life to all he brings Risen with healing in his wings  Joyful, all ye nations, rise Join the triumph of the skies With the angelic host proclaim Christ is born in bethlehem  Hark! the herald angels sing Glory to the new-born king Hark! the herald angels sing Glory to the new-born king|Country
carrieunderwood|The First Noel|The First Noel the Angels did say Was to certain poor shepherds in fields as they lay In fields where they lay keeping their sheep On a cold winter's night that was so deep Noel Noel Noel Noel Born is the King of Israel!  They looked up and saw a star Shining in the East beyond them far And to the earth it gave great light And so it continued both day and night Noel Noel Noel Noel Born is the King of Israel!  Then let us all with one accord Sing praises to our heavenly Lord That hath made Heaven and earth of naught And with his blood mankind hath bought Noel Noel Noel Noel Born is the King of Israel!  Noel Noel Noel Noel Born is the King Born is the King Born is the King of Israel!|Country
carrieunderwood|What Child Is This|What child is this, who, laid to rest On Mary's lap, is sleeping? Whom angels greet with anthems sweet, While shepherds watch are keeping?  This, this is Christ the King, Whom shepherds guard and angels sing: Haste, haste to bring him laud, The Babe, the Son of Mary!  So bring Him incense, gold, and myrrh, Come peasant king to own Him, The King of kings, salvation brings, Let loving hearts enthrone Him.  Raise, raise the song on high, The Virgin sings her lullaby: Joy, joy, for Christ is born, The Babe, the Son of Mary!  This, this is Christ the King, Whom shepherds guard and angels sing: Haste, haste to bring him laud, The Babe, the Son of Mary!|Country
carrieunderwood|Do You Hear What I Hear|Said the night wind to the little lamb, "Do you see what I see? Way up in the sky, little lamb. Do you see what I see?  A star, a star Dancing in the night With a tail as big as a kite, With a tail as big as a kite."  Said the little lamb to the shepherd boy, "Do you hear what I hear? Do you hear what I hear? Ringing through the sky, shepherd boy, Do you hear what I hear? Do you hear what I hear?  A song, a song High above the trees With a voice as big as the sea, With a voice as big as the sea."  Said the shepherd boy to the mighty king, "Do you know what I know? Do you know what I know? In your palace warm, mighty king, Do you know what I know? Do you know what I know?  A child, a child Shivers in the cold. Let us bring him silver and gold. Let us bring him silver and gold."  Said the king to the people everywhere, "Listen to what I say. Listen to what I say. Pray for peace, people, everywhere. Listen to what I say. Listen to what I say.  The child, the child Sleeping in the night. He will bring us goodness and light. He will bring us goodness and light."  He will bring us goodness and light|Country
carrieunderwood|Good Girl|Hey, good girl (hey, good girl) With your head in the clouds I bet you I can tell you What you're thinkin' about  You'll see a good boy (you see a good boy) Gonna give you the world But he's gonna leave you cryin' With your heart in the dirt  His lips are dripping honey But he'll sting you like a bee So lock up all your love and Go and throw away the key  Hey good girl (hey, good girl) Get out while you can I know you think you got a good man  Why, why you gotta be so blind? Won't you open up your eyes? Just a matter of time 'til you find He's no good, girl No good for you You better get to getting on your goodbye shoes and go, go-o-o, go-o-o-o... Better listen to me He's a low, low, low...  Hey, good girl (hey, good girl) You got a heart of gold You want a white wedding And a hand you can hold Just like you should, girl (Just like you should, girl) Like every good girl does Want a fairy tale ending, somebody to love  But he's really good at lying Yeah, he'll leave you in the dust 'Cause when he says forever Well, it don't mean much Hey good girl (hey, good girl) So good for him Better back away honey You don't know where he's been  Why, why you gotta be so blind? Won't you open up your eyes? Just a matter of time 'til you find He's no good, girl No good for you You better get to getting on your goodbye shoes and go, go-o-o, go-o-o-o... Yeah yeah yeah, he's low Yeah yeah yeah  Oh, he's no good, girl Why can't you see? He'll take your heart and break it Listen to me, yeah  Why, why you gotta be so blind? Won't you open up your eyes? Just a matter of time 'til you find He's no good, he's no good  Won't you open up your eyes? Just a matter of time 'til you find He's no good, girl No good for you You better get to getting on your goodbye shoes|Country
carrieunderwood|Blown Away|Dry lightning cracks across the skies Those storm clouds gather in her eyes Her daddy was a mean old mister Mama was an angel in the ground The weather man called for a twister She prayed blow it down  There's not enough rain in Oklahoma To wash the sins out of that house There's not enough wind in Oklahoma To rip the nails out of the past  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Shatter every window 'til it's all blown away, Every brick, every board, every slamming door blown away 'Til there's nothing left standing, nothing left of yesterday Every tear-soaked whiskey memory blown away, Blown away  She heard those sirens screaming out Her daddy laid there passed out on the couch She locked herself in the cellar Listened to the screaming of the wind Some people call it taking shelter She called it sweet revenge  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Shatter every window 'til it's all blown away, Every brick, every board, every slamming door blown away 'Til there's nothing left standing, nothing left of yesterday Every tear-soaked whiskey memory blown away, Blown away  There's not enough rain in Oklahoma To wash the sins out of that house There's not enough wind in Oklahoma To rip the nails out of the past  Shatter every window 'til it's all blown away (blown away) Every brick, every board, every slamming door blown away (blown away) 'Til there's nothing left standing, nothing left of yesterday (blown away) Every tear-soaked whiskey memory blown away,  Blown away, blown away, blown away, blown away, blown away|Country
carrieunderwood|Two Black Cadillacs|Two black Cadillacs driving in a slow parade Headlights shining bright in the middle of the day One is for his wife The other for the woman who loved him at night Two black Cadillacs meeting for the first time  And the preacher said he was a good man And his brother said he was a good friend But the women in the two black veils didn't bother to cry Bye-bye, bye-bye  They took turns laying a rose down Threw a handful of dirt into the deep ground He's not the only one who had a secret to hide Bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye  Two black Cadillacs, two black Cadillacs  Two months ago his wife called the number on his phone Turns out he'd been lying to both of them for oh so long They decided then He'd never get away with doing this to them Two black Cadillacs waiting for the right time, the right time  And the preacher said he was a good man And his brother said he was a good friend But the women in the two black veils didn't bother to cry Bye, bye, bye, bye  They took turns laying a rose down Threw a handful of dirt into the deep ground He's not the only one who had a secret to hide Bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye  It was the first and the last time they saw each other face to face They shared a crimson smile and just walked away And left the secret at the grave  And the preacher said he was a good man And his brother said he was a good friend But the women in the two black veils they didn't bother to cry Bye-bye, bye-bye  They took turns laying a rose down Threw a handful of dirt into the deep ground He's not the only one who had a secret to hide Bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye|Country
carrieunderwood|See You Again|Said goodbye, turned around And you were gone, gone, gone Faded into the setting sun Slipped away  But I won't cry 'Cause I know I'll never be lonely For you are the stars to me You are the light I follow  I will see you again This is not where it ends I will carry you with me 'Til I see you again  I can hear those echoes in the wind at night Calling me back in time Back to you  In a place far away Where the water meets the sky The thought of it makes me smile You are my tomorrow  I will see you again This is not where it ends I will carry you with me 'Til I see you again  Sometimes I feel my heart is breaking But I stay strong And I hold on 'Cause I know  I will see you again This is not where it ends I will carry you with me  I will see you again This is not where it ends I will carry you with me 'Til I see you again  'Til I see you again 'Til I see you again 'Til I see you again  Said goodbye turned around And you were gone, gone, gone|Country
carrieunderwood|Do You Think About Me|That first cold September night You were the blanket holding me tight You were kissing me and the Earth stood still You said we don't have to, I said I will, yeah We ran in when the thunder came You told me sugar melts in the rain Don't want to watch our love go to waste So we ran inside 'fore it was too late  Oh I, Oh I, I'm not even trying Oh I, Oh I, but I can't stop smiling, yeah  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Do you think about me Like I think about you? Do you think about me Like I think about you, yeah?  I moved on to another town Wrote you letters 'til the ink ran out When the clouds rolled in I grabbed the keys And played that song that we used to sing I met a boy a lot like you It's funny how he used to sing it, too But he was always just a little out of key So much different than you and me  Oh I, Oh I, I'm not even trying Oh I, Oh I, but I can't stop smiling, yeah  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Do you think about me Like I think about you? Do you think about me Like I think about you? Oh, yeah  <i>[Bridge:]</i> Sometimes I wonder if you wonder What it could have been like When you're sitting there drinking coffee Are you thinking of me When it's thundering and raining outside?  Oh I, oh I, I'm not even trying Oh I, oh I, but I can't stop smiling Oh I, oh I, it's sending me flying Oh I, oh I, but I can't stop smiling, Yeah  <i>[Outro:]</i> Do you think about me Like I think about you? Do you think about me Like I think about you? Do you think about me Like I think about you? Do you think about me?|Country
carrieunderwood|Forever Changed|She remembers the nights he’d come calling His yellow-silk tie In love she saw him falling for her in the fire of July Then one day as the nights grew longer Blackberry winter in a little white church Stood a young pretty bride  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Forever changed, Forever changed, Nothing ever stays the same Forever named, Forever changed  She remembers the change in her body The blooming within And how her heart seemed to flutter with the wind Then one night as the days grew longer That Indian summer She brought love into the world Cried and held me then  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Forever changed, Forever changed, Nothing ever stays the same Forever child, Forever changed  Some days she’ll talk about aunt Rosie The sister she lost Asking when she’s coming over And why she hasn’t called Some days I just hold her fragile hand As time creeps across the floor Some days it almost kills me Watching her memories slip away a little more  <i>[Outro:]</i> Forever changed, Forever changed, Nothing ever stays the same Forever named, Forever child, Forever loved, Forever changed.|Country
carrieunderwood|Nobody Ever Told You|Take off all the makeup, girl Shine your light, show the world Don’t be shy, don’t be scared You don’t have to hide under there  Let’s throw away all the magazines Turn off the static on the TV Wish you could see yourself the way I do  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Nobody ever told you Nobody ever told you You shine like a diamond Glitter like gold And you need to know What nobody ever told you Yeah La la la la la  Mirror mirror on the wall Acting like it knows it all Tells you lies of vanity It doesn't care what's underneath  All hung up on the negative Doesn’t have to be the way it is Wish you could see yourself the way I do  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Nobody ever told you Yeah, nobody ever told you You shine like a diamond Glitter like gold And you need to know What nobody ever told you  Na na na na...  <i>[Bridge:]</i> Free as a bird up on a wire Just like a flower growing wild You’re beautiful, you’re beautiful  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Nobody ever told you, Yeah, nobody ever told you You shine like a diamond Glitter like gold And you need to know What nobody ever told you  <i>[Outro:]</i> You shine like a diamond Glitter like gold You need to know What nobody ever told you  Na na na na...  Oh, you're free as a bird up on a wire, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Just like a flower growin' wild Just like a flower growin' wild  Na na na na...|Country
carrieunderwood|One Way Ticket|If you’re tired of your life and the way that you feel Like a fish on a hook, Like a bug on a dirty windshield, it’s ok It’s time to take your chips and cash them all in Cause it matters where you’re going Not where you been, say hey Goodbye yesterday  Well if life don’t go your way Maybe it’s time to take a break, Yeah, yeah  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Raise your hands in the air tonight Put a little love back in your life Get your feet up, uh, and just kick it, hey We got a one way ticket Sun's shining bright and it's meant for us Life is like a ride on a party bus Turn the radio up and sing along with it, hey We got a one way ticket  So pack up your smile and your new flip flops We’re headed to a heaven where the beat don’t stop We'll dance the day and the night away Grab yourself a gal, Grab yourself a fella, Grab yourself a drink with a pink umbrella Goodbye yesterday  Whenever life don't go your way Well, maybe it's time to take a nice long break  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Raise your hands in the air tonight Put a little love back in your life Get your feet up, and just kick it, hey We got a one way ticket Sun's shining bright and it's meant for us Life is like a ride on a party bus Turn the radio up and sing along with it, hey We got a one way ticket  Ooooh la la la la la la la la  So raise your hands in the air tonight Raise your hands in the air tonight, whoa Punch that clock and call it a day Say adios to the minimum wage Tell your bossman where he can stick it, hey We got a one way ticket Life is so good, it’s sticky sweet It’s a carnival cotton candy treat Unwrap it like a lollipop, lick it, hey We got a one way ticket  Ooo la la la la la la la Woah-oh-oh. Mmmmm mm mm mm mm mm mm ohhh|Country
carrieunderwood|Thank God for Hometowns|Yesterday I got a call Someone I didn’t know at all had passed away Mama said, "Yeah you know him You went to school with both his kids They lived out on Prescott lane" She said, "You should’ve seen the line Mrs. Johnson said to tell you 'Hi'"  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Thank God for hometowns And all the love that makes you go round Thank God for the county lines that welcome you back in When you were dying to get out Thank God for Church pews And all the faces that won’t forget you Cause when you’re lost out in this crazy world You got somewhere to go and get found Thank God for hometowns Yeah  Last June my cousin tied the knot, Didn’t know if I’d go or not But I’m sure glad I did It was a pretty good haul but worth the drive I could feel myself come back to life The closer that I’d get First red light I rolled the windows down Breathed it in and took a look around  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Thank God for hometowns First kisses and touchdowns Thank God for the county lines that welcome you back in When you were dying to get out Thank God for Church pews And all the faces that won’t forget you And when you’re lost out in this crazy world You got somewhere to go and get found Thank God for hometowns  <i>[Bridge:]</i> I always find another piece of me Walking down these old familiar streets  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Thank God for hometowns And all the love that makes them go round Thank God for the county lines that welcome you back in When you were dying to get out Thank God for Church pews And all the faces that won’t forget you And when you’re lost out in this crazy world You got somewhere to go and get found Thank God for hometowns Thank God for hometowns|Country
carrieunderwood|Good in Goodbye|I heard you laughing in a crowd outside a restaurant we used to go to I caught a glimpse that stopped me in my tracks It took me back You looked happy with that little girl up on your shoulders, happy I know where she got those crystal eyes of blue Time's been sweet to you  <i>[Chorus:]</i> As bad as it was, as bad as it hurt I thank God I didn't get what I thought that I deserved Sometimes life leads you down a different road When you're holding on to someone that you gotta let go Someday you'll see the reason why Sometimes, yeah, sometimes, there's good in goodbye  I don't regret it The time we had together I won't forget it But we both ended up where we belong I guess goodbye made us strong And yeah I'm happy I found somebody too who makes me happy And I knew one day I'd see you on the street And it'd be bittersweet  <i>[Chorus:]</i> But as bad as it was, as bad as it hurt I thank God I didn't get what I thought that I deserved Sometimes life leads you down a different road When you're holding on to someone that you gotta let go Someday you'll see the reason why Yeah, sometimes, yeah sometimes, there's good in goodbye Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  <i>[Outro:]</i> As bad as it was, yeah, as bad as it hurt I thank God I didn't get what I thought that I deserved Sometimes life leads you down a different road When you're holding on to someone that you got to let go Someday you'll see the reason why Yeah, someday you'll see the reason why There's good in goodbye, yeah Yeah  There's good in goodbye, mmm|Country
carrieunderwood|Leave Love Alone|Funny how love can make you feel Crush you like a ton of steel Fake you out, make you think it’s real Funny how love can make you feel, yeah  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Ouh, ouh, yeah I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave love alone Hey!  Ain’t it funny how love can make you fly Sweetest buzz and the highest high When you can’t walk to the other side Ain’t it funny how love can make you fly  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Ouh, I can’t stop it Ouh, gotta have it, want it, I can’t help it I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave love alone (Can’t leave it alone) I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave love alone Hey!  <i>[Outro:]</i> Oh come on! Burn me once but it don’t sink in I just keep coming back again I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave, I can’t leave it I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave love alone I just can’t leave love alone I can’t leave it alone I can’t leave it|Country
carrieunderwood|Cupid's Got a Shotgun|Oh he gave up on arrows a long, long time ago Turns out I'm too hard to hit so he put away his bow I might just keep on runnin' from here to Timbuktu 'Cause he gave up on arrows and I ain't bulletproof  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Yeah Cupid's got a shotgun aiming at my heart I've been dodging bullets, I've been hiding in the dark Sawed-off double barrel, trigger happy as could be Cupid's got a shotgun and he's pointing it at me  He's sitting in that tree stand and his wings are camouflage I'm dug down in my foxhole waiting on his next barrage Must be open season, got a target on my back Think he's throwing love grenades and I'm under attack  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Yeah Cupid's got a shotgun aiming at my heart I've been dodging bullets, I've been hiding in the dark Sawed-off double barrel, trigger happy as could be Cupid's got a shotgun and he's pointing it at me, yeah  <i>[Bridge:]</i> Well he's got me in his sights, I've got a red dot on my chest But little does he know I strapped on my Kevlar vest I pulled out my Remington and I loaded up these shells He's about to find out I'm a dang good shot myself  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Yeah Cupid's got a shotgun aiming at my heart I've been dodging bullets, I've been hiding in the dark Sawed-off double barrel, trigger happy as could be Cupid's got a shotgun and he's pointing it at me Yeah Cupid's got a shotgun But right now he's running from me, wooh|Country
carrieunderwood|Wine After Whiskey|Once upon a time our world was on fire and I loved to watch it burn Wild and reckless, never any limits, guess I had a lot to learn Cause fire turns to embers, embers to ashes that blow away too soon  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Now everything after you is like having wine after whiskey It went from do anything for you babe to you don’t even miss me Once you’ve tasted a love that strong you can’t go back And you can’t settle on anything less And that’s what gets me. It’s like having wine after whiskey  Looking back I guess it's really for the best, still you’re something that I crave Even though I know it was right to let you go. You’re a habit hard to break I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now  <i>[Chorus:]</i> It’s all so watered down like having wine after whiskey It went from do anything for you babe to you don’t even miss me Once you’ve tasted a love that strong You can’t go back and you can’t settle on anything less And that’s what gets me. It’s like having wine after whiskey  <i>[Outro:]</i> Once you’ve tasted a love that strong you can’t go back And you can’t settle on anything less And that’s what gets me. It's like having wine It’s like having wine after whiskey|Country
carrieunderwood|Who Are You|Who are you, The one for who I’d really gladly suffer Who are you, The one I’d always love above another You’re my world, you’re my hope, you’re all my dreams and all my heart  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Who are you The one I'd give my life to Who are you, that loves as deep as I do  Who are you, Who takes me through the flood and through the fire Who are you, Who leads me through the desert and the dry You’re in my thoughts, you know my mind You are my fate, you are my light  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Who are you The one I'd give my life to Who are you, that loves as deep as I do  <i>[Bridge:]</i> You’re my savior, you’re my center My beginning and my end You’re the one I live for, you’re my angel Who are you You’re in my thoughts (in my thoughts) You know my mind (you know my mind) You are my fate, you are my light  <i>[Outro:]</i> Who are you The one I'd give my life to Who are you, that loves as deep as I do Who are you Who fell on me like fire Who are you, Who takes me through desire  Who are you, The one I'd give my life to.|Country
carrieunderwood|Wasted|Standing at the back door She tried to make it fast One tear hit the hard wood It fell like broken glass She said sometimes love slips away And you just can't get it back Let's face it  For one split second She almost turned around But that would be like pouring rain drops Back into a cloud So she took another step and said I see the way out and I'm gonna' take it  I don't wanna' spend my life jaded Waiting to wake up one day and find That I've let all these years go by Wasted  Another glass of whiskey but it still don't kill the pain So he stumbles to the sink and pours it down the drain He says it's time to be a man and stop living for yesterday Gotta face it  Cause' I don't wanna' spend my life jaded Waiting to wake up one day and find That I've let all these years go by Wasted  Oh I don't wanna' keep on wishing, missing The still of the morning, the color of the night I ain't spending no more time Wasted  She kept drivin' along Till the moon and the sun were floating side-by-side He looked in the mirror and his eyes were clear For the first time in a while  Hey, yeah Oh, I don't wanna' spend my life jaded Waiting to wake up one day and find That I've let all these years go by Wasted  Oh I don't wanna' keep on wishing, missing The still of the morning, the color of the night I ain't spending no more time Wasted  Oh, I don't wanna' spend my life jaded Waiting to wake up one day and find That I've let all these years go by Wasted  Yeah, yeah Oh I don't wanna' keep on wishing, missing The still of the morning, the color of the night I ain't spending no more time Wasted|Country
carrieunderwood|Don't Forget to Remember Me|18 years Have come and gone For momma they flew by But for me they drug on and on  We were loading up that Chevy Both tryin' not to cry Momma kept on talking Putting off good-bye  Then she took my hand and said Baby don't forget  Before you hit the highway You better stop for gas There's a 50 in the ashtray In case you run short on cash  Here's a map and here's a Bible If you ever lose your way Just one more thing before you leave Don't forget to remember me  This downtown apartment Sure makes me miss home And those bills there on the counter Keep telling me I'm on my own  And just like every Sunday I called momma up last night And even when it's not I tell her everything's alright  Before we hung up I said Hey momma, don't forget  To tell my baby sister I'll see her in the fall And tell Memaw that I miss her Yeah, I should give her a call  And make sure you tell Daddy That I'm still his little girl Yeah, I still feel like I'm where I'm supposed to be Don't forget to remember me  Tonight I find myself Kneeling by the bed to pray I haven't done this in a while So I don't know what to say but  Lord I feel so small sometimes in this big old place Yeah, I know there's more important things, But don't forget to remember me Don't forget to remember me|Country
carrieunderwood|Some Hearts|I've never been the kind that you'd call lucky Always stumbling' around in circles But I must have stumbled into something Look at me Am I really alone with you I wake up feeling like my life's worth living Can't recall when I last felt that way Guess it must be all this love you're giving Never knew never knew it could be like this But I guess  Some hearts They just get all the right breaks Some hearts have the stars on their side Some hearts, They just have it so easy Some hearts just get lucky sometimes Some hearts just get lucky, lucky sometimes  Now who'd have thought someone like you could love me You're the last thing my heart expected Who'd have thought I'd ever find somebody Someone who someone who makes me feel like this Well I guess  Some hearts They just get all the right breaks Some hearts have the stars on their side, yes Some hearts, They just have it so easy Some hearts just get lucky sometimes Some hearts just get lucky sometimes Ohhhhhh  Even hearts like mine Get lucky, lucky sometimes  Even hearts like mine Ohhhhhhhh  Some hearts, They just get all the right breaks Some hearts have the stars on their side Some hearts, They just have it so easy Some hearts just get lucky sometimes  Some hearts They just get all the right breaks Some hearts have the stars on their side, yes Some hearts, They just have it so easy Some hearts just get lucky sometimes Some hearts just get lucky sometimes|Country
carrieunderwood|Jesus, Take the Wheel|She was driving last Friday on her way to Cincinnati On a snow white Christmas Eve Going home to see her Mama and her Daddy with the baby in the backseat Fifty miles to go and she was running low on faith and gasoline It'd been a long hard year  She had a lot on her mind and she didn't pay attention She was going way too fast Before she knew it she was spinning on a thin black sheet of glass She saw both their lives flash before her eyes She didn't even have time to cry She was so scared She threw her hands up in the air  Jesus take the wheel Take it from my hands Cause I can't do this on my own I'm letting go So give me one more chance Save me from this road I'm on Jesus take the wheel  It was still getting colder when she made it to the shoulder And the car came to a stop She cried when she saw that baby in the backseat sleeping like a rock And for the first time in a long time She bowed her head to pray She said I'm sorry for the way I've been living my life I know I've got to change So from now on tonight  Jesus take the wheel Take it from my hands Cause I can't do this on my own I'm letting go So give me one more chance Save me from this road I'm on Oh, Jesus take the wheel  Oh, I'm letting go So give me one more chance Save me from this road I'm on From this road I'm on Jesus take the wheel  Oh, take it, take it from me Oh, wow, ohhhhh|Country
carrieunderwood|Lessons Learned|There's some things that I regret, Some words I wish had gone unsaid, Some starts, That had some bitter endings, Been some bad times I've been through, Damage I cannot undo, Some things, I wish I could do all all over again, But it don't really matter, Life gets that much harder, It makes you that much stronger, Oh, some pages turned, Some bridges burned, But there were, Lessons learned.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> And every tear that had to fall from my eyes, Everyday I wondered how I'd get through the night, Every change, life has thrown me, I'm thankful, for every break in my heart, I'm grateful, for every scar, Some pages turned, Some bridges burned, But there were lessons learned.  There's mistakes that I have made, Some chances I just threw away, Some roads, I never should've taken, Been some signs I didn't see, Hearts that I hurt needlessly, Some wounds, That I wish I could have one more chance to mend, But it don't make no difference, The past can't be rewritten, You get the life you're given, Oh, some pages turned, Some bridges burned, But there were, Lessons learned.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> And every tear that had to fall from my eyes, Everyday I wondered how I'd get through the night, Every change, life has thrown me, I'm thankful, for every break in my heart, I'm grateful, for every scar, Some pages turned, Some bridges burned, But there were lessons learned.  And all the things that break you, Are all the things that make you strong, You can't change the past, Cause it's gone, And you just gotta move on, Because it's all, Lessons learned.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> And every tear that had to fall from my eyes, Everyday I wondered how I'd get through the night, Every change, life has thrown me, I'm thankful, for every break in my heart, I'm grateful, for every scar, Some pages turned, Some bridges burned, But there were lessons learned, Oh, some pages turned, Some bridges burned, But there were lessons learned, Lessons learned.|Country
carrieunderwood|Before He Cheats|Right now he's probably slow dancing with a bleached-blond tramp And she's probably getting frisky... Right now, he's probably buying her some fruity little drink 'Cause she can't shoot whiskey... Right now, he's probably up behind her with a pool stick Showing her how to shoot a combo...  And he don't know...  That I dug my key into the side Of his pretty little souped-up four-wheel drive Carved my name into his leather seats... I took a Louisville slugger to both headlights Slashed a hole in all four tires... Maybe next time he'll think before he cheats  Right now, she's probably up singing some White-trash version of Shania karaoke Right now, she's probably saying, "I'm drunk" And he's a-thinking that he's gonna get lucky Right now, he's probably dabbing on Three dollars worth of that bathroom Polo...  Oh, and he don't know...  That I dug my key into the side Of his pretty little souped-up four-wheel drive Carved my name into his leather seats I took a Louisville slugger to both headlights Slashed a hole in all four tires... Maybe next time he'll think before he cheats  I might've saved a little trouble for the next girl 'Cause the next time that he cheats... Oh, you know it won't be on me  No... not on me  'Cause I dug my key into the side Of his pretty little souped-up four-wheel drive Carved my name into his leather seats I took a Louisville slugger to both headlights Slashed a hole in all four tires... Maybe next time he'll think before he cheats  Oh, maybe next time he'll think before he cheats...  Oh, before he cheats... oh, oh|Country
carrieunderwood|Starts With Goodbye|I was sitting on my doorstep, I hung up the phone and it fell out of my hand, But I knew I had to do it, And he wouldn't understand, So hard to see myself without him, I felt a piece of my heart break, But when you're standing at a crossroad, There's a choice you gotta make.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I guess it's gonna have to hurt, I guess I'm gonna have to cry, And let go of some things I've loved, To get to the other side, I guess it's gonna break me down, Like falling when you try to fly, It's sad, but sometimes moving on with the rest of your life, Starts with goodbye.  I know there's a blue horizon, Somewhere up ahead, just waiting for me, Getting there means leaving things behind, Sometimes life's so bitter sweet.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I guess it's gonna have to hurt, I guess I'm gonna have to cry, And let go of some things I've loved, To get to the other side, I guess it's gonna break me down, Like falling when you try to fly, It's sad, but sometimes moving on with the rest of your life, Starts with goodbye.  Time, time heals, The wounds that you feel, Somehow, right now.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I guess it's gonna have to hurt, I guess I'm gonna have to cry, And let go of some things I've loved, To get to the other side, I guess it's gonna break me down, Like falling when you try to fly, It's sad, but sometimes moving on with the rest of your life, Starts with goodbye, I guess I'm gonna have to cry, And let go of some things I've loved, To get to the other side, Starts with goodbye, The only way you try to find, Moving on with the rest of your life, Starts with goodbye, Na na na na na na na.|Country
carrieunderwood|I Just Can't Live a Lie|Lately nothing I do ever seems to please you And maybe turning my back would be that much easier Cause hurtful words are all that we exchange But I can't watch you walk away  Can I forget about the way it feels to touch you? And all about the good times that we've been through Could I wake up without you every day? Would I let you walk away?  No, I can't learn to live without And I can't give up on us now  <i>[Chorus]</i> Oh, I know I could say we're through And tell myself I'm over you But even if I made a vow I promise not to miss you now And try to hide the truth inside I'd fail cause I, I just can't live a lie  Could I forget the look that tells me that you want me? And all the reasons that make loving you so easy The kiss that always makes it hard to breathe The way you know just what I mean  No, I can't learn to live without Ohh, so don't you give up on us now  Ohh, I know I could say we're through And tell myself I'm over you But even if I made a vow I promise not to miss you now And try to hide the truth inside I'd fail cause I, I just can't live a lie  Ohh, and I don't wanna try  Ohhhh, I know I could say we're through And tell myself I'm over you But even if I made a vow I promise not to miss you now And try to hide the truth inside I'd fail cause I, I just can't live a lie  I just can't live a lie  But even if I made a vow I promise not to miss you now And try to hide the truth inside I'd fail cause I, I just can't live a lie  Oh, I cant live a lie <i>[x2]</i>|Country
carrieunderwood|We're Young and Beautiful|While we're young and beautiful, Kiss me like you mean it, Treat me like I'm special, Cover me with sweetness, Cause a time will come, When we're not so young, and beautiful, While we're young and beautiful, Living free and easy, Here without a worry, Dancing in our bare feet, Cause when the summer's done, We might not be so young, and beautiful.  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> It's a crazy ride, And baby, you and I, Are keeping our sweet love alive, Tonight, while we're young and beautiful.  While we're young and beautiful, We'll party down on Main street, Wearing next to nothing, Feeling every heart beat, Having fun, while we're still young and beautiful.  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> It's a crazy ride, And baby, you and I, Are keeping our sweet love alive, Tonight, while we're young and beautiful.  Beautiful, Beautiful, Young and beautiful, Beautiful, Beautiful, Young and beautiful.  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> It's a crazy ride, And baby, you and I, Are keeping our sweet love alive, Tonight, while we're young and beautiful. Oh, so beautiful.  While we're young and beautiful, Cover me with sweetness, While we're young and beautiful, Kiss me like you mean it, Like you mean it, Like you mean it, Like you mean it, Like you do, Oh, yeah, Oh so beautiful.|Country
carrieunderwood|That's Where It Is|In the circles I've been running, I've covered many miles, And I could search forever for what's right before my eyes, Just when I thought I'd found it, It was nothing like I'd planned, When I got my heart around it, it slipped right through my hands, Here with you I feel it, I close my eyes and see it,  In a midnight talk, in a morning kiss, When I'm in your arms, that's where it is, When we're tangled up and can't resist, When we feel that rush, that's where it is, That's where it is  When I'm crashing through the madness, Not sure who I'm supposed to be, When I'm caught up in the darkness, It's your hand that's leading me, You bring me back to solid ground, You lift me up right here, right now  In a midnight talk, in a morning kiss, When I'm in your arms, that's where it is, When we're tangled up and can't resist, When we feel that rush, that's where it is  <i>[Bridge]</i> It's a life time filled with tight embraces The biggest things in the smallest places,  In a midnight talk, in a morning kiss, When I'm in your arms, that's where it is, When we're tangled up and can't resist, When we feel that rush, that's where it is  In the sweetest smile, on a night like this, And a tender touch, that's where it is, When we're tangled up, and can't resist, When we feel that rush, that's where it is, That's where it is|Country
carrieunderwood|Whenever You Remember|When you look back on times we had I hope you smile And know that through the good and through the bad I was on your side when nobody could hold us down We claimed the brightest star And we, we came so far And no they won't forget  <i>[Chorus]</i> Whenever you remember times gone by Remember how we held our heads so high When all this world was there for us And we believed that we could touch the sky Whenever you remember, I'll be there Remember how we reached that dream together Whenever you remember  When you think back on all we've done I hope you're proud When you look back and see how far we've come It was our time to shine And nobody could hold us down They thought they'd see us fall But we, we stood so tall And no we won't forget  Whenever you remember times gone by Remember how we held our heads so high When all this world was there for us And we believed that we could touch the sky Whenever you remember, I'll be there Remember how we reached that dream together Whenever you remember  Yeah, Oh  We claimed the brightest star And we, we came so far You know that we, we showed them all And no they won't forget  Yeah  Whenever you remember times gone by Remember how we held our heads so high When all this world was there for us And we believed that we could touch the sky Whenever you remember, I'll be there Remember how we reached that dream together Whenever you remember  Whenever you remember  Oh, whenever you remember|Country
carrieunderwood|I Ain't in Checotah Anymore|Where 69 meets 40, There's a single stop light town, And back when I was really young, A part of that burned down, On any given Friday night, We'd drive a hundred miles, Between the Sonic and the Grocery Store, Laughing all the while, With as many friends as I could pack, In my daddy's Ford, But I ain't in Checotah anymore.  My hotel in Manhattan, Holds more people than our town, And what I just paid for dinner, Would be a down payment on a house, I'd rather be tipping cows in Tulsa, Than hailing cabs here in New York, But I ain't in Checotah anymore.  I'm in a world so wide, It makes me feel small sometimes, I miss the big blue skies, the Oklahoma kind.  In a world of long red carpets, The bright lights of Hollywood, All the paparazzi flashing, Could make a girl feel pretty good, You can get anything you want here, Except a Wal-Mart store, But I ain't in Checotah anymore.  I'm in a world so wide, It makes me feel small sometimes, I miss the big blue skies, the Oklahoma kind.  Where the Wildcats beat the Ironheads, Old Settler's day and the Okrafest, After prom, down at the bowling lanes, Catching crappie fish in Eufaula lake, I ain't in Checotah anymore.  I'm in a world so wide, It makes me feel small sometimes, I miss the big blue skies, the Oklahoma kind, But I ain't in Checotah, No I ain't in Checotah, Oh, there's nothing like Oklahoma.  Where 69 meets 40, There's a single stoplight town.|Country
carrieunderwood|Inside Your Heaven|I've been down Now I'm blessed I felt a revelation coming around I guess its right, it's so amazing Everytime I see you I'm alive You're all I've got You lift me up The sun and the moonlight All my dreams are in your eyes  I wanna be inside your heaven Take me to the place you cry from Where the storm blows your way I wanna be the earth that holds you Every bit of air you're breathin' in A soothin' wind I wanna be inside your heaven  When we touch, when we love The stars light up The wrong becomes undone Naturally, my soul surrenders The sun and the moonlight All my dreams are in your eyes  And I wanna be inside your heaven Take me to the place you cry from Where the storm blows you away And I wanna be the earth that holds you Every bit of air you're breathing in A soothing wind I wanna be inside your heaven  When minutes turn to days and years If mountains fall, I'll still be here Holdin you until the day I die And I wanna be inside your heaven Take me to the place you cry from Where the storm blows you away  I wanna be inside your heaven Take me to the place you cry from Where the storm blows you away I wanna be the earth that holds you Every bit of air you're breathin' in A soothin' wind I wanna be inside your heaven Oh yes I do I wanna be inside your heaven|Country
carrieunderwood|Cowboy Casanova|You better take it from me, that boy is like a disease You're running, you're trying, you're trying to hide And you're wondering why you can't get free He's like a curse, he's like a drug You get addicted to his love You wanna get out but he's holding you down 'Cause you can't live without one more touch  He's a good time cowboy Casanova Leaning up against the record machine Looks like a cool drink of water But he's candy-coated misery He's the devil in disguise A snake with blue eyes And he only comes out at night Gives you feelings that you don't want to fight You better run for your life  I see that look on your face You ain't hearing what I say So I'll say it again 'Cause I been where you been And I know how it ends You can't get away Don't even look in his eyes He'll tell you nothing but lies And you wanna believe But you won't be deceived If you listen to me And take my advice  He's a good time cowboy Casanova Leaning up against the record machine Looks like a cool drink of water But he's candy-coated misery He's the devil in disguise A snake with blue eyes And he only comes out at night Gives you feelings that you don't want to fight You better run for your life  Run run away Don't let him mess with your mind He'll tell you anything you want to hear He'll break your heart It's just a matter of time But just remember  He's a good time cowboy Casanova Leaning up against the record machine Looks like a cool drink of water But he's candy-coated misery He's the devil in disguise A snake with blue eyes And he only comes out at night Gives you feelings that you don't want to fight You better run for your life  Oh you better run for your life Oh you better run for your life|Country
carrieunderwood|Quitter|Here's how it goes Boy meets girl, girl leaves boy That's all I know All I've done, all my life  'Cause throughout my history I've only been with jerks Who couldn't take it But you see the picket fence A swing on the front porch With us two on it  When I believe that nothing lasts forever You stay with me, keeping us together And make me feel like I never ever wanna give you up 'Til now, I've always been a quitter  You rescued me Saved my life just in time Saw past all my issues and scars And made me try  'Cause oh, the way you're kissing me Makes it hard to breathe But I still like it Oh oh, it truly feels like a dream You know exactly how I want it  I believe that nothing lasts forever  You stay with me, keeping us together And make me feel like I never ever wanna give you up 'Til now, I've always been a quitter  I've always been a quitter  When I believe that nothing lasts forever You stay with me, keeping us together And make me feel like I never ever wanna give you up 'Til now, I've always been a quitter  I've always been a quitter|Country
carrieunderwood|Mama's Song|Mama, you taught me to do the right things So, now you have to let your baby fly You've given me everything that I will need To make it through this crazy thing called life And I know you watch me grow up And only want what's best for me And I think I found the answer to your prayers  And he Is good, so good He treats your little girl Like a real man should He is good, so good He makes promises he keeps No, he's never gonna leave So, don't you worry about me Don't you worry about me  Mama, there's no way you'll ever lose me Giving me away is not goodbye As you watch me walk down to my future I hope tears of joy are in your eyes  Cause, he is good, so good And, he treats your little girl Like a real man should He is good, so good He makes promises he keeps No, he's never gonna leave So, don't you worry about me Don't you worry about me  And when I watch my baby grow up I'll only want what's best for her And I hope she'll find The answer to my prayers And that she'll say  He is good, so good And he treats your little girl Like a real man should He is good, so good He makes promises he keeps No, he's never gonna leave So, don't you worry about me Don't you worry about me  Mama, don't you worry about me Don't you worry about me|Country
carrieunderwood|Change|What you're gonna do with the 36 cents Sticky with coke on your floorboard When a woman on the street is huddled in the cold On a sidewalk bench trying to keep warm Do you call her over, hand her the change Ask her story, ask her her name Or do you tell yourself  "You're just a fool, just a fool to believe you can change the world" "You're just a fool, just a fool to believe you can change the world"  What you're gonna do when you're watching TV And an ad comes on, yeah, you know the kind Flashing up pictures of a child in need For a dime a day, you could save a life Do you call the number, reach out a hand Or do you change the channel, call it a scam Do you tell yourself  "You're just a fool, just a fool to believe you can change the world" Don't listen to them when they say "You're just a fool, just a fool to believe you can change the world" Oh, the smallest thing can make all the difference Love is alive, don't listen to them when they say "You're just a fool, just a fool to believe you can change the world"  The world's so big, it can break your heart And you just want to help, not sure where to start So you close your eyes And send up a prayer into the dark  "You're just a fool, just a fool to believe you can change the world" Don't listen to them when they say "You're just a fool, just a fool to believe you can change the world" Oh, the smallest thing can make all the difference Love is alive, don't you listen to them when they say "You're just a fool, just a fool to believe you can change the world"|Country
carrieunderwood|Undo It|I should have known by the way you passed me by There was something in your eyes and it wasn't right I should have walked, but I never had the chance Everything got out of hand and I let it slide  Now I only have myself to blame For falling for your stupid games I wish my life could be The way it was before I saw your face  You stole my happy, you made me cry Took the lonely and took me for a ride And I wanna uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-undo it You had my heart, now I want it back I'm starting to see everything you lack Boy you blew it, you put me through it I wanna uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-undo it  Na, na, na-na, na Na, na, na-na, na Na, na, na-na, na, na  Now your photos don't have a picture frame And I never say your name and I never will And all your things, well I threw them in the trash And I'm not even sad  Now you only have yourself to blame For playing all those stupid games You're always gonna be the same And, oh no, you'll never change  You stole my happy, you made me cry Took the lonely and took me for a ride And I wanna uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-undo it You had my heart, now I want it back I'm starting to see everything you lack Boy you blew it, you put me through it I wanna uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-undo it  Na, na, na-na, na Na, na, na-na, na Na, na, na-na, na, na  You want my future, you can't have it I'm still trying to erase you from my past I need you gone so fast  You stole my happy, you made me cry Took the lonely and took me for a ride And I wanna uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-undo it You had my heart, now I want it back I'm starting to see everything you lack Boy you blew it, you put me through it I wanna uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-undo it  You stole my happy, you made me cry Took the lonely and took me for a ride Boy you blew it, you put me through it I wanna uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-undo it|Country
carrieunderwood|Someday When I Stop Loving You|One foot on the bus, 'bout half past nine I knew that you were leavin' this time I thought about layin' down in it's path Thinking that you might get off for that  I remember that night we laid in bed Namin' all our kids that we hadn't had yet One for your grandma and one for mine Said we'd draw straws when it came time  I'll move on baby just like you When the desert floods and the grass turns blue When a sailin' ship don't need her moon It'll break my heart but I'll get through Someday when I stop lovin' you  I bet all I had on a thing called love I guess in the end it wasn't enough And it's hard to watch you leave right now I'm gonna have to learn to let you go somehow, Somehow  I'll move on baby just like you When the desert floods and the grass turns blue When a sailin' ship don't need her moon It'll break my heart but I'll get through Someday when I stop lovin' you  Ooooooh Oh, someday Yeah, someday  I'll move on baby just like you When the desert floods and the grass turns blue When a sailin' ship don't need her moon It'll break my heart but I'll get through Someday when I stop lovin' you  Someday when I stop lovin' you|Country
carrieunderwood|Songs Like This|Wanna find some boy, rip his heart right out First man I see, gonna take him down It ain't the Christian thing to do, they say But someone, somewhere's gotta pay  And if it wasn't for guys like you There wouldn't be songs like this And if you hadn't gone and done me wrong I wouldn't go off like this Yeah, even I'm surprised How easy sweet revenge rolls off my lips If it wasn't for guys like you There wouldn't be songs like this  Broke my TV, pawned my guitar After maxing out my credit cards You lied much too much, and you lied again 'Caught you on the couch with my best friend  And if it wasn't for guys like you There wouldn't be songs like this And if you hadn't gone and done me wrong I wouldn't go off like this Yeah, even I'm surprised How easy sweet revenge rolls off my lips If it wasn't for guys like you There wouldn't be  Songs like this one That tell the whole world Just what a jerk you are  And if it wasn't for guys like you There wouldn't be songs like this And if you hadn't gone and done me wrong I wouldn't go off like this Yeah, even I'm surprised How easy sweet revenge rolls off my lips If it wasn't for guys like you There wouldn't be songs like this  No, if it wasn't for guys like you There wouldn't be songs like this|Country
carrieunderwood|Temporary Home|Little boy, six years old A little too used to being alone Another new mom and dad Another school, another house that'll never be home  When people ask him how he likes this place He looks up and says with a smile upon his face,  "This is my temporary home, It's not where I belong Windows and rooms That I'm passing through This is just a stop on the way to where I'm going I'm not afraid because I know This is my temporary home."  Young mom on her own She needs a little help, got nowhere to go She's looking for a job, looking for a way out 'Cause a half-way house will never be a home At night she whispers to her baby girl, "Someday we'll find our place here in this world."  This is our temporary home, It's not where we belong Windows and rooms That we're passing through This is just a stop on the way to where we're going I'm not afraid because I know This is our temporary home  Old man, hospital bed. The room is filled with people he loves. And he whispers, "Don't cry for me. I'll see you all someday." He looks up and says, "I can see God's face."  This is my temporary home, It's not where I belong Windows and rooms That I'm passing through This was just a stop on the way to where I'm going I'm not afraid because I know This was my temporary home  This is our temporary home|Country
carrieunderwood|This Time|Maybe it's the way that the stars are aligned That's makin' me feel this way tonight Maybe it's the words you left unsaid Maybe it's the stardust in my hand  But I wanna tell you That my heart is busting at the seams, yeah And I can't wait another minute Life is short, love is sweet Ain't no time like this time baby  Maybe it's the way that the night is still Or the sound of the rain on my windowsill That's making all the pieces fit Making it all make perfect sense  But I wanna tell you That my heart is busting at the seams, yeah And I can't wait another minute Life is short, love is sweet Ain't no time like this time baby  Goes by so fast Can't get it back There ain't no time like this time  Yeah, I just wanna tell ya, that my heart is bustin' at the seams Yeah, and I can't wait another minute Ohh, life is short Love is sweet Ain't no time like this time, baby. My little baby  Maybe it's the way that the stars are aligned And there ain't no time Ain't no time, ain't no time Ain't no time like this time baby  Maybe it's the way that the night is still Or the sound of the rain on my windowsill Yeah, yeah|Country
carrieunderwood|Look At Me|I would bet my life, like I bet my heart That you were the one, baby I've never been so sure of anything before You driving my heart crazy  I can't hold out, I can't hold back now Like I've done before  Darling, look at me I've fallen like a fool for you Darling, can't you see I'd do anything you want me to  I tell myself I'm in too deep Then I fall a little farther Every time you look at me  How do you do that, babe? Make me feel like I'm the only girl alive for you I don't know what it is that makes me fall like this First time in your arms, I knew  The way you held me, I knew that this could be What I've been waiting to find  Darling, look at me I've fallen like a fool for you Darling, can't you see I'd do anything you want me to  I tell myself I'm getting in too deep Then I fall a little farther Every time you look at me  Every time you look at me|Country
carrieunderwood|Unapologize|Last night, I was pouring out my heart Like a waterfall to you And with one kiss, I was a runaway train Flying off the track to you  "I love you" came flooding out Couldn't make it stop, couldn't shut my mouth I felt like a fool when I lied and said I was sorry But  I unapologize, I meant every word Won't take back the way I feel about you I can't unsay what you heard, 'cause you heard me right And I won't try to fight them back Or hide my feelings for you I unapologize  You know, people say a lot of things That they don't really mean And last night, I told a little white lie Hoping you'd forget the scene  Where it felt like a movie under the porch light Couldn't help myself when you held me tight Said what I meant, then I lied and said I was sorry  I unapologize, I meant every word Won't take back the way I feel about you I can't unsay what you heard, 'cause you heard me right And I won't try to fight them back Or hide my feelings for you I unapologize  Oh there's no time to be Holding it all and trying to pretend That I don't feel anything Oh, I shouldn't have said I'm sorry  I meant every word Won't take back the way I feel about you I can't unsay what you heard, 'cause you heard me right And I won't try to fight them back Or hide my feelings for you I unapologize  'Cause you heard me right, yeah  I unapologize|Country
carrieunderwood|What Can I Say|Piercing words, eyes are red Watched your tail lights in the rain Empty heart filled with regret I know we were both to blame  And I'm not sorry that it's over But for the way we let it end So I said all I had to say In letters that I threw away  And you should know, please believe me I've picked up the phone a thousand times And tried to dial your number But it's been so long, it's never easy It's like trying to spin the world the other way What can I say?  How did it come to this? I think about you all the time It's no excuse, but i wish That I never made you cry  I'm not sorry that it's over But for the way we let it end I couldn't find the words to say  And you should know, please believe me I've picked up the phone a thousand times And tried to dial your number But it's been so long, it's never easy It's like trying to spin the world the other way So what can I say? What can I say? What can I say? What can I say?  I hate to think all you had of me (I said all I had to say) Is a memory I left you The space between what was meant to be (In letters that I threw away) And the mess that it turned into  And you should know, please believe me I've picked up the phone a thousand times And tried to dial your number But it's been so long, it's never easy It's like trying to spin the world the other way  It's like trying to spin the world the other way What can I say?  What can I say?  What can I say?|Country
carrieunderwood|Play On|What you're gonna do when the show is over What you're gonna sing when the the song ends How you're gonna cope when there is no closure Where you're gonna reach when the goal gets higher How you're gonna make it through When you think you lost your chance  Play on when you're losing the game Play on 'cause you're gonna make mistakes It's always worth the sacrifice Even when you think you're wrong So play on  Even when the floodgates swing wide open Never let the current take you down, no Even when you're not sure where you're going Swimming through a mess and you can't get out Just going through the motions Trying not to drown  Play on when you're losing the game Play on 'cause you're gonna make mistakes It's always worth the sacrifice Even when you think you're wrong So play on  Even through a storm on the darkest night Don't you ever give up the fight Even when you feel you're all alone  Play on, play on  Play on when you're losing the game Play on 'cause you're gonna make mistakes It's always worth the sacrifice Even when you think you're wrong So play on|Country
traceadkins|Honky Tonk Badonkadonk|Turn it up some Alright boys, this is her favorite song You know that right So, if we play it good and loud She might get up and dance again Ooh, she put her beer down Here she comes Here she comes Left left left right left Whoo  Husslers shootin' eight ball Throwin' darts at the wall Feelin' damn near 10 ft. tall Here she comes, Lord help us all Ol' T.W.'s girlfriend done slapped him outta his chair Poor ole boy, it ain't his fault It's so hard not to stare At that honky tonk badonkadonk Keepin' perfect rhythm Make ya wanna swing along Got it goin' on Like Donkey Kong And whoo-wee Shut my mouth, slap your grandma There outta be a law Get the Sheriff on the phone Lord have mercy, how'd she even get them britches on That honky tonk badonkadonk (Aww son)  Now Honey, you can't blame her For what her mama gave her It ain't right to hate her For workin' that money-maker Band shuts down at two But we're hangin' out till three We hate to see her go But love to watch her leave With that honky tonk badonkadonk Keepin' perfect rhythm Make ya wanna swing along Got it goin' on Like Donkey Kong And whoo-wee Shut my mouth, slap your grandma There outta be a law Get the Sheriff on the phone Lord have mercy, how'd she even get them britches on With that honky tonk badonkadonk (Ooh, that's what I'm talkin' bout right there, honey)  We don't care about the drinkin' Barely listen to the band Our hands, they start a shakin' When she gets the urge to dance Drivin' everybody crazy You think you fell in love Boys, you better keep your distance You can look but you can't touch That honkey tonk badonkadonk Keepin' perfect rhythm Make ya wanna swing along Got it goin' on Like Donkey Kong And whoo-wee Shut my mouth, slap your grandma There outta be a law Get the Sheriff on the phone Lord have mercy, how'd she even get them britches on That honky tonk badonkadonk  That honky tonk badonkadonk Yeah, that honky tonk badonkadonk  (That's it, right there boys, that's why we do what we do It ain't for the money, it ain't for the glory, it ain't for the free whiskey It's for the badonkadonk)|Country
dariusrucker|This|Got a baby girl sleeping in my bedroom  And her mama laughing in my arms  There's the sound of rain on the rooftop  And the game's about to start  I don't really know how I got here  But I'm sure glad that I did  And it's crazy to think that one little thing  Could've changed all of it  Maybe it didn't turn out like I planned  Maybe that's why I'm such, such a lucky man  <i>[Chorus]</i> For every stoplight I didn't make  Every chance I did or I didn't take  All the nights I went too far  All the girls that broke my heart  All the doors that I had to close  All the things I knew but I didn't know  Thank God for all I missed  Cause it led me here to  This  Like the girl that I loved in high school  Who said she could do better  Or that college I wanted to go to  'Til I got that letter  All the fights and the tears and the heartache  I thought I'd never get through  And the moment I almost gave up  All lead me here to you  I didn't understand it way back when  But sitting here right now it all makes perfect sense  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  How I cried when my mama passed away  But now I've got an angel looking out for me today  So nothing's a mistake  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  It led me here to  This|Country
dariusrucker|Come Back Song|I woke up again this morning And wouldn't you know it... pouring rain I went and burned a pot of coffee And like us I poured it down the drain  'Cause I didn't know I needed you so And letting you go was wrong And baby I know you got your radio on So this is my my bad, come back song  I know I said I wouldn't miss you But now I'm saying I'm a fool You're on the feel good side of leaving And I'm the backside of a mule  And I didn't know I needed you so And letting you go was wrong And baby I know you got your radio on So this is my so sad come back song  And now I'm laying down without you In this king size empty bed And I wish I had my arms around you But I'll just dream of you instead  'Cause I didn't know I needed you so And letting you go was wrong And baby I know you got your radio on So this is my get packed, come back  Hey, I didn't know I needed you so And letting you go and letting you go was wrong And baby I know you got your radio on So this is my my bad, come back song  Oh yeah yeah  I know I said I wouldn't miss you I said I wouldn't miss you girl, yeah  Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na  We all sang na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na, yeah  Come on now  This is my my bad, come back song|Country
dariusrucker|Might Get Lucky|I'll chase the kids around the yard all afternoon Put away the dishes so she don't have to Fix the screen door on the porch like I said I'd do  Tell her I don't know how you do it baby when I'm gone Dance her 'round the kitchen to a George Strait song Sneak a kiss on the back of the neck like we were alone  And if I'm right on the money You know I might get lucky  <i>[Chorus]</i> There's a window of opportunity between When the kids are tucked in and a half glass of Chardonnay She knows what I'm thinking reads me like a book But the key to get a second look And a come here honey Is treat her right in the daylight And I might get lucky  Well I work out on the road and it wears us thin She wonders when I'm leaving even when I'm walking in So we set aside time to get to know each other again And if I play my cards right I know it sounds kind of funny But I might get lucky  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  Someday she might wake up and see She's way out of my league But then again Maybe she won't You know I might get lucky  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  I might get lucky I might get lucky I might get lucky|Country
dariusrucker|Whiskey and You|Always there When my world starts closing in Something to hold No matter how long it's been Gets me high Then knocks me to the ground Soothes my mind And then begins to break me down  <i>[Chorus]</i> Whiskey and you Ain't nothing I can do But come crawling back to Whiskey and you  I never asked you to love me I never begged you to stay But I never want you to leave me I wouldn't have it any other way  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  As darkness finds the candle And the flame stops flickering Girl I know and I hope It won't be too long 'Til we light it up again  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  Whiskey and you There ain't nothing, there ain't nothing I can do But I keep crawling, I keep coming back to Whiskey and you|Country
dariusrucker|Southern State of Mind|I was up in New York City just the other week You should've seen the waitress face when I ordered sweet tea She said we don't have that here and I apologized I said please forgive me I'm in a southern state of mind  And those girls out in California they don't understand They don't like it when I hold the door or when I say yes ma'am They act like I done something wrong and they give me the evil eye I say honey I'm sorry I'm in a southern state of mind  <i>[Chorus]</i> I could be anywhere In my heart I'm always there Where they drink sweet tea and they raise you to be polite No changin' who I am That's the way I've always been No matter what state I'm in I'm in a southern state of mind  I'm always walkin' round tellin' everybody hi Just a wavin' at the strangers in the cars passin' by Some people may look at me and say that boy just ain't right Hey y'all I ain't crazy I'm in a southern state of mind  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  You can see it in the clothes I wear, you can hear it when I talk Ball cap, boots and jeans and a little southern drawl I could be up in Ohio or back home in Caroline No matter what state I'm in I'm in a southern state of mind Don't matter what state I'm in I'm in a southern state of mind A southern state of mind|Country
dariusrucker|Love Will Do That|The second I saw you What was important Wasn't important no more Love will do that Love will do that  Made the old moon burn brighter Led to all-nighters Made sleeping a thing of the past Love will do that Love will do that  <i>[Chorus]</i> It changes everything Makes the angels sing Puts the past in the past It'll drive you crazy Sometimes it just makes you laugh Yeah, love will do that  Turns minutes to hours Days into years Gets time to moving so fast Love will do that  It makes you move mountains Or not an inch Life's good right where we're at Love will do that Love will do that  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  It'll give you a sunset And an old rockin' chair A hand to hold while you're looking back Yeah, love will do that Love will do that  <i>[Repeat Chorus (x2)]</i>|Country
dariusrucker|The Craziest Thing|Way back when She did a hundred and ten In her dad's old Chevrolet And she once climbed Way up high To paint her name on a water tank  She's got that little red rose On her big toe Tattooed in Myrtle Beach Went to Mardi Gras With the mother-in-law Got a suitcase full of beads  She's walked on fire And jumped out of planes for fun But loving me is the craziest thing That she's ever done  <i>[Chorus]</i> She's living on faith I'm chasing my dream I fly and fall 'Til I unravel at the seams She'd never played it safe Never walked when she could run But loving me is the craziest thing That she's ever done  Left the bright lights drove down 95 To a sleepy southern town Gave up a sweet gig to have a couple kids Chasing her around All her friends roll their eyes and grin When she says that I'm the one They say loving me is the craziest thing That she's ever done  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  She likes walking on a tightrope Dancing on a ledge But she's knows I'll catch her If she falls off the edge  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  Yeah, loving me is the wildest thing That she's ever done|Country
dariusrucker|Things I'd Never Do|I'd never leave the perfect girl Or rip apart the perfect world Just up and leave in the middle of a song  I'd never pack my things in a Silverado Drive on out to Colorado Just to find some freedom I thought was gone  Ooooh There are things I'd never do  <i>[Chorus]</i> But here I am In this hotel room Thinking 'bout you and what I've done Oh, what have I done Head in my hands Thinking about a lot of things I wish that I could change It's sad but it's true I've done a lot of things I'd never do  I'd never ever work so much That I'd lose sight, I'd lose touch Of everything a man could ever want  I'd never lose my cool and say Those words that cut just like a blade And leave you dying, crying all alone  <i>[Repeat Chorus (x2)]</i>  I'd never leave the perfect girl Or rip apart the perfect world Just up and leave in the middle of a song|Country
dariusrucker|We All Fall Down|What makes a man Work 'til his kids get too old to kiss and hug Keep on climbing that imaginary mountain When is enough enough What makes a man build a kingdom Only to lose his woman How high is too high how big is too big How far will we go just to slip off the edge  We all fall down Life takes us out The sky starts spinning when our heads Get above the clouds The higher we fly the harder it feels When we hit the ground Yeah we all fall down Yeah we all fall down  How does a man pick himself up When he's let himself down Tell me where does he find the courage To turn his world back around Will he break down and cry Like someone just died What can he say about the man he used to be When he can't even speak but he's dying to scream  We all fall down When we find out That the sky starts spinning when our heads Get above the clouds The higher we fly the harder it feels When we hit the ground Yeah we all fall down Yeah we all fall down  He's the only one to blame and the only who knows How low must he go to win back his soul  Yeah we all fall down Yeah we all fall down|Country
dariusrucker|I Don't Care|Is 10 o'clock in the morning Too early to drink beer I don't know and I don't care When a girl walks by in a two-piece Is it impolite to stare I don't know and I don't care  I don't know what beach this is I don't know what day this is I don't know if I packed enough clothes to wear And I don't care  Do you think those are real or fake You mean those, right there I don't know and I don't care Do you want the blonde or the brunette Or the one with the long, red hair I don't know and I don't care  I don't know what her name is I don't know where she learned to kiss I don't know if that's her boyfriend over there And I don't care  Is 4 o'clock in the morning Too late to drink beer I don't know and I don't care  I don't know the last time I ate I don't know how I'm still awake I don't know how long a man live on beer I don't know where I left my phone I don't know when we're goin' home I don't know if I've still got a job up there And I don't care|Country
dariusrucker|She's Beautiful|Have you ever seen a prairie wind Make a wave on a wheat field bringing needed rain Have you ever seen a mamma stop A baby's cry with just the touch and a whisper of his name  When she looks at me That's what I see  <i>[Chorus]</i> She's beautiful like that Like a winter rose, snow on the ground I was blessed the day I found her I'm one lucky man Cause the more I know the more I need her The more I love the more I see her heart Is a shining star She's beautiful like that  Have you ever seen a purple sky Sun coming up bringing new life to everything it shines on Have you ever seen a couple after 50 years Laughing and holding hands still going strong  Well the reason why I'll love her 'til the day I die  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  The sound of a church bell The road that leads back home An unspoken promise You'll never be alone  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  She's beautiful like that She's beautiful like that|Country
dariusrucker|I Got Nothin'|It's my third cup of coffee Fifth time I've said I'm sorry The sun slowly peaking through the glass Says we been up all night We both know where this is going It's been a long time coming Is it really over, is this really goodbye Maybe I should say something Maybe you'd change your mind Maybe, maybe buy a little more time  <i>[Chorus]</i> But I got nothin' No magic words To stop your leavin' To end this hurt I'm just blank I'm just staring into space Praying please, please let me think of something Cause I got nothin'  I watch you pack your things You look down at your ring You slowly slip it off and then You lay it on our bed Maybe I should pick it up And get down on my knees Tell you what you wanna hear And give you what you need  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  You're almost at the door And you stop and turn around Your eyes are begging me Please say something right now  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>|Country
dariusrucker|In a Big Way|I signed up to see this world Through the windows of buses and planes Ever since they called my number I've been living in the fast lane Yeah it's a dream come true I'm a lucky man And I love this roll I'm on But I do run out of gas Can only run so fast so long ('til)  <i>[Chorus]</i> I need some front porch rockin' Some back road walkin' Some sittin' 'round talkin' 'bout nothin' I need some screen door slammin' Some home made jam and Some biscuits cookin' in the oven I need a little fun with my little ones A little gospel on Sunday I need some hangin' 'round my little town In a big way  I may wake in the mornin' in Dallas I went to bed in Tennessee I need someone tellin' me where I am sometimes And where I'm supposed to be Sometimes I wanna be George Jones Sometimes Charlie Pride But all I want to be right now Is with my baby tonight (cause)  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  You know I can't complain I love this crazy dream but  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  I need to take it slow I need some winding down I need my little town And I need it now In a big way In a big way|Country
dariusrucker|Wild One|I'd like to ask you from the start If you could pull me out of the dark. Or if our love could fall apart like cookies crumble. See, I'm a demon on the loose. I'm like an engine with no caboose. And I need somebody who can really handle me.  Yeah, baby, I'm a wild one. Don't let me run. Don't let me get away. Yeah, baby, I'm a wild, wild one. Yeah, baby, I'm a wild one. Don't let me run. Don't let me get away. Yeah, baby, I'm a wild one.  I just wanna let you know, girl, I'm attracted to your physical. But, I got this lazy eye that likes to wander, oh. See, I'm tired of being alone, So if you throw this dog a bone, Baby, you and I can make our house a home, yeah.  Yeah, baby, I'm a wild one. Don't let me run. Don't let me get away. Yeah, baby, I'm a wild, wild one. Yeah, baby, I'm a wild one. Don't let me run. Don't let me get away. Yeah, baby, I'm a wild one.  Oh, you could be the one who saves me, Or try to be the one who tames me. Girl, you are the one who's changing my way of life. I'm tired of painting the town with ladies Or living the life so hazy. I'm tired of all my lies, I think I want some real love But, girl, you gotta realize.  Yeah that, baby, I'm a wild one. Don't let me run. Don't let me get away. Yeah, baby I'm a wild, wild one. Yeah, baby I'm a wild one. Don't let me run. Don't let me get away. Yeah, baby I'm a, (hog wild, yeah) one Oh, Yeah, baby, I'm a wild one, I'm a wild one, Dont let me get away, Yeah, baby, I'm a wild, wild wild one, (Yeah, baby, I'm a) Hog wild, don't let me run Don't let me get away Yeah baby, I'm a wild, wild one, oh wild wild wild one.|Country
dariusrucker|Exodus|She said so, so many times in my life Once I thought things were fine, it would rain This is how it is each and everyday I live Things I thought would be my joy, turn to pain  So when it pours and you're in deep water And you can't tell the difference from the rain and your tears I will be the one whos there, who'll always be there To drink the river flowing from your eyes  Exodus is yours, love Let the midnight sun disappear Heaver would be yours, love Let me be the one to take you there  So don't worry or sweat the small things Everything in your lives bound to change All the things you're going through I will bare the weight with you There's no shame, know what I'm saying There's a way to pull through  Oh and when it pours girl and you're in deep water And you can tell the difference from the rain and your tears I will be the one whos there, who'll always be there To drink the river flowing from your eyes  Exodus is yours, love Let the midnight sun disappear And Heaven could be yours, love Let me be the one to take you there  Oh I'll help you carry it all (I'll help you carry all) You don't have to worry at all (No you don't have to worry) And if you stumble and fall (If you sumble and fall) I'll be there for you  (I'll help you, aw) I"ll help you carry it all (You don't have to, aw) You don't have to worry at all Girl and if you fall, I'll be there Through it all, through it all  Exodus is yours, love Let the midnight sun disappear And Heaven could be yours, love Please let me be the one to take you there, there  Exodus is yours, love Let the midnight sun disappear And Heaven could be yours, love Let me be the one to take you there|Country
dariusrucker|Sometimes I Wonder|Da Da da da da da.... Da da da da dum da dum Every time I see you (I see you) It's good to see you again ( hey baby) You make me feel like I've seen the sun ( sun shining) Your loving let's me know that I'm the only one And I hear you  Sometimes I wonder (I wonder how you got so good) Sometimes I wonder (I wonder how you got so good) Sometimes I wonder (Wonder how you got so good) Sometimes I wonder, baby, wonder, baby  Lovin' you is like my dream come true I want you to know that I'll always be there standing up for you From the mountain From the river From the root to the to the, baby  Sometimes I wonder (I wonder how you got so good) Sometimes I wonder (I wonder how you got so good) Sometimes I wonder (Wonder how you got so good) Sometimes I wonder, baby, wonder, baby  When I look in to the mirror (What do you see) I see me and I see you (And how are we) Joined from the soul Our hearts together Just living together in melody baby  Sometimes I wonder (I wonder how we got so good) Sometimes I wonder (I wonder how wegot so good) Sometimes I wonder (Wonder how we got so good) Sometimes I wonder, baby, wonder, baby  Living together in melody In melody In harmony In melody In harmony In melody, baby In harmony  We just got this good In melody In harmony|Country
dariusrucker|This Is My World|The look on your face It could never explain your heart And the touch of my lips It could never tell u my thoughts  And U want me to change I can't get used to All U want me to be I just can't pretend To be anyone else Cuz it's not really me  This is my world This is who I am And I'm not gonna give up myself To make your life better  She said This is how it is I got my own life to live And U can either accept me Or baby  And if it's love That we share Then we can withstand all The obstacles that life brings forth And I will receive you For who U are who u were And baby who U will be  But U want me to change Girl I can't get used to All U want me to be And I just can't pretend To be anyone else, oh Cuz it's not really me  This is my world This is who I am And I'm not trying to give up myself To make your life better, now  This is how it is I got my own life to live And U can either accept me Or baby  This is my world This is who i am And I'm not trying to give up myself To make your life better  She said This is how I got my own life to live And U can either accept me Or baby let me go  U said I promise you the stars And I'm Giving you all I can now U said love is not enough And I know U will see If your life turns around In my heart there is room for u  It's me and my world This is who i am And I'm not trying to give up myself To make your life better  She said This is how I got my life And U can either accept me Or baby  This is my world Who I am And I'm not trying to give up myself To make your life better, now  Oh, this is how And I got my life And U can either accept me Or baby let me go  This is my world My world Baby let me go  Oh, this is who I am Where I live Got my own life to give  Oh, oh oh My world I'm not trying to change u This is who I am Please let me be me, yeah|Country
dariusrucker|Butterfly|We met on the shore of a lemonade lake Weeping willows looked down where we lay Orange blossoms I smell in your hair Butterfly, flutter by, butterfly by  Waterfalls send your ripples to us Here on the shore of the lemonade lake Pond lilies play hide and seek with the fish Rabbit run, run rabbit, rabbit run by  Roaring mountain is standing close by Covered with snowdrops and glistening with dew I hear the sound of a small hummingbird I took your hand and I waltzed off with you  Come to the top of the mountain with me Jump on a cloud and we'll float to and fro Seeing the countryside covered with grass And the top of the mountain with candy-floss and snow  Butterfly lazily drinking the sun Lavishly sprinkled and painted with gold Here in the land of the mist and the lake Me and my true love will never grow old|Country
dariusrucker|Hold On|She lives right there off of Rutledge Avenue She has a few friends but she only has a few Her next door neighbor plays his music way too loud She often complains but they play it anyhow  What is a girl supposed to do? Living alone can have you so confused But remember now  It won't be too long, girl Find out where you belong When you're feeling afraid and alone Just remember two words, hold on  She works all day to put herself through school 'Cause financial aid doesn't seem to cover food, no, no, no, no Every morning she rides on the bus to make her gains It's easy to attain but so hard to sustain, yeah  What is a girl supposed to do Living alone can have you so confused But remember now  It won't be too long, girl You find out where you belong Whether you're feeling afraid and alone Just remember two words, hold on  She's coping with pain of things she left behind Multiple pressures that cloud her mind And she feels it, her eyes carry no signs of joy  She's tired of rubbing it all the time Found independence is not so kind Life ain't easy, all she needs is a friend  Hold on  It won't be too long, girl Find out where you belong Feeling afraid and alone Remember two words, hold on  It won't be too long Find out where you belong Feeling afraid and alone Remember two words, hold on|Country
dariusrucker|Ten Years|I remember when I saw you there What did you see in me? Tell me Let all the people stop and stare You were the only one that I could see  Time comes and time goes by We loved, we laughed, I failed, you tried And now I understand why I have to be the one to blame  Ten years down the line I never meant to waste your time So glad you never threw in the towel on you and me You showed me unconditional love, you even gave me the one And baby, now that we're done, I'm sorry  See I was standing up with things to say So I had to decide For me it was either you or them And I was running out of precious time  You see, I had to see the world I knew it meant losing you, my girl Since I lost it all today These simple words to you I'd say  We should have given up at least a thousand times So girl, I wouldn't be surprised if you wrote me off, no You see I know that I put my friends before you And I constantly ignored who was in my corner Now, I apologize  Ten years down the line, I never meant to waste your time So glad you never threw in the towel on you and me You showed me unconditional love, you even gave me the one And baby, now that we're done, I'm sorry  Don't you now that You should have given up at least one thousand times But, girl, why would I be surprised, why would it shock me? When you write me off but you can't  Can't you see I, I put my band, I put my band Wow, I ignored you Then in return, you were there for me And I, I apologize  Ten years down the line, I never meant to waste your time So glad you never through in the towel on you and me You showed me unconditional love, you even gave me the one And baby, now that we're done, I'm sorry  I'm sorry|Country
dariusrucker|One More Night|Two weeks ago I got a note addressed to me from you, babe You’re telling me you gotta leave and that you just can’t take it no more I promised you when we first met if you have to go I’ll let you go but There’s one request I have before you go Don’t say no no no   Girl can we spend one more night  Can we make up just to break up our lives it will be the last night that we spend let’s not fight Girl can we spend one more night  See, not trying to make you stay I don’t wanna change your mind  But I wanna hold you one last time as if you were still mine When the morning comes you’ll be gone and I’ll be here all alone But there’s still tonight the mood is right So before you go don’t say no no no   Girl can we spend one more night  can we make up just to break up our lives it will be the last night that we spend let’s not fight girl can we spend one more night  Girl can you let me know, just let me know, before you go if you’d rather be with me I’ll make it alright just for the night Just let me feel you let me hear you Call my name, call out my name Just one last time, one last night  Girl can we spend one more night  can we make up just to break up our lives It’ll be the last night that we spend let’s not fight  Girl can we spend one more night  Can we make up just to break up our lives It’ll be the last night that we spend let’s not fight Girl can we spend one more night|Country
dariusrucker|Somewhere|I’m still standing, I’m still here. For I seen another year.  I’m still knowing, I’m still growing. Still believing, still achieving.  I’m still walking, I’m still talking. I’m still seeing, I’m still reaching.  What I’m simply trying to say Is this? There Is one on how he does exist. More than whom you can capture this. There Is a God somewhere. Yes there’s a God up there.  Ooooooooooh, oooooooh.  I’m not trying to preach, only trying to say how I feel. Oh there’s no, other name I choose to call when my back up against the wall. Ooooh I need to know when out, in my soul that there’s someone somewhere up on high oooh but when I look Into my little girls’ eyes I see, why I feel this spirit Inside and I know I...  I’m still crying, I’m still smiling. I’m still searching, I’m still finding. I’m still breathing, I’m still living. Still receiving, yet still giving. I’m still hoping, I’m still trusting. I’m still caring, I’m still loving.  What I’m simply trying to say Is this? There Is one on how he does exist. More than whom you can capture this. There Is a God somewhere <i>[4x]</i>. Yes there’s a God somewhere.  I know I know there’s a God somewhere. I can feel him In my soul. Somewhere I know that there’s a God. There’s a God somewhere. He’s the ruler of our world. Maker, giving It all up to you, there’s a God somewhere. Ooooh, somewhere, the Almighty Is somewhere.|Country
dariusrucker|Sleeping in My Bed|<i>[Snoop Dogg:]</i> Somebody's gettin' my love Somebody's beatin' it up  <i>[Darius Rucker:]</i> Rise and shine now, baby I got a little somethin' on my mind I really wanna talk to you And I hope that you will listen to me I admit that you had me took Had my friends, and my mama, and my sister, too Nine times out of ten If you did it before you're gonna do it again  So why, why, why you wanna do me wrong, wrong Made me wanna write this song, song Baby, I gotta move on and on and on Baby, 'cause I, I, never wanna say goodbye, bye Baby, I know you lie, lie Girl, remember I tried  <i>[Darius Rucker (Snoop Dogg):]</i> We went from nothin' to somethin' We went from down to up We went from rags to riches (Say it ain't so) Bad times, good times The big house and the fancy cars Drivin' all around with big movie stars Tell me, do you love him, baby? Does he freak? Does he drive you crazy?  <i>[Darius Rucker:]</i> Why, why, why you wanna do me wrong, wrong Made me wanna sing this song, song Baby, you gotta move on, on and on Because I, I, never wanna say goodbye, bye Sick and tired of your lie, lie Baby, remember I tried  I can't take it, no, no I know something's wrong, yeah (Somebody's sleep) Somebody's sleep in my bed, in my bed What's going on? You're messin' with my head again (Somebody's sleep) Sleepin' in my bed  <i>[Snoop Dogg:]</i> Somebody's gettin' my love Somebody's beatin' it up Say it ain't, say it ain't so Sleepin' in my bed (Sleepin' in my bed), sleepin' in my bed (Sleepin' in my bed) Baby, said you love me, you said there'll never be (Never be) So we put our thing together, now we family Sleepin' together, stayin' together, good and bad weather Tougher than leather, we still writin' love letters Never could I ever betray you, say you do the same But soon as I leave town, you change the game I can't lie, it's a crying shame That you lie in vain in my bed with that mayne Stuck for words, you can't even explain How your pleasure caused me so much pain It's your loss and my gain, 'cause I'm a player in this game And I can't do a damn thing but maintain - bang  <i>[Darius Rucker:]</i> Why, why, why you wanna do me wrong, wrong Made me wanna sing this song, song Baby, you've gotta move on and on and on, and on Because I, I, never wanna say goodbye, bye Oh, I know you lie, lie Baby, I know you tried, you tried Oh, why, why, why you wanna do me wrong, wrong Made me wanna sing this song, song Baby, you've gotta move on and on and on, and on Because I, I, never wanna say goodbye, bye Sick and tired of your Oh, I know you lie, lie Baby, I know you tried, you tried  <i>[Darius Rucker (Snoop Dogg):]</i> Somebody's sleepin' (Somebody's beatin' it up) In my bed, in my bed <i>[Snoop Dogg:]</i> Somebody's gettin' my love Somebody's beatin' it up Somebody's gettin' my love, somebody's beatin' it up Somebody's gettin' my love Somebody's beatin' it up Somebody's gettin' my love, somebody's beatin' it up Somebody's beatin' it up|Country
dariusrucker|Forever Road|I heard every word you said I'm tryin' hard to understand Exactly what it is you need from me  Baby I apologize I never meant to make you cry But there ain't no doubt, we can work it out, yeah 'Cause I'm gonna be around  Don't worry baby, I ain't no maybe Rain or shine this love of mine is for you Let my arms remind you I'll always be beside you Holdin' on until this ride is through So away we go down that forever road  Baby as our lives unfold there's no tellin' where we'll go But as far as I can see it'll be you and me Just the way it's supposed to be  Now don't worry baby, I ain't no maybe Rain or shine this love of mine is for you Yeah, let my arms remind you I'll always be beside you Holdin' on until this ride is through So away we go down that forever road  It ain't gonna be easy, we'll both make big mistakes But if you love, trust me we've got what it takes  Now don't worry baby, I ain't no maybe Rain or shine this love of mine is for you Yeah, let my arms remind you I'll always be beside you Holdin' on until this ride is through So away we go down that forever road Down that forever road, away we go|Country
dariusrucker|All I Want|Don't act surprised, it ain't like you didn't know It's been like a long time coming and it's time for me to go Tryin' to split things up could drive us crazy So I'm gonna make this easy, baby  You can have the money, you can have the house Take the Cadillac and that boat out back And your mother's pink and yellow couch You can have every penny that I'll make from this here song Girl all I want you to leave me is alone  Don't get me wrong I will always love you, girl You were my life you were my heart, you were my world But we both know it's over, there's no need to fight it Girl I just need some peace and quiet  So you can have the money, you can have the house Take the Cadillac and that boat out back And ugly pink and yellow couch You can have every penny that I will make from this here song Girl all I want you to leave me is alone  You can have the money, you can have the house Take the big screen and your diamond ring And those shoes that you swore you couldn't live without You can have every penny that I will make from this here song Girl all I want you to leave me is alone Girl all I need you to leave me is alone|Country
dariusrucker|Don't Think I Don't Think About It|I left out in a cloud of tail lights and dust Swore I wasn't comin' back Said I'd had enough  Saw you in the rearview standin' Fadin' from my life But I wasn't turnin' round No not this time  But don't think I don't think about it Don't think I don't have regrets Don't think it don't get to me Between the work and the hurt and the whiskey  Don't think I don't wonder 'bout Could've been should've been all worked out I know what I felt and I know what I said But don't think I don't think about it  When we make choices we gotta live with them Heard ya found a real good man and ya married him I wonder sometimes if I cross your mind Where would we be today If I never drove that car away  But don't think I don't think about it Don't think I don't have regrets Don't think it don't get to me Between the work and the hurt and the whiskey  Don't think I don't wonder 'bout Could've been should've been all worked out Yeah, I know what I felt and I know what I said But don't think I don't think about it  Don't think I don't think about it  Don't think I don't think about it Don't think I don't have regrets Don't think you don't get to me Between the work and the hurt and the whiskey  Don't think I don't wonder 'bout Could've been should've been all worked out I know what I felt and I know what I said But don't think I don't think about it  No no  Don't think I don't  Don't think I don't Mmmmmhhhhmmm|Country
dariusrucker|Learn to Live|Grandpa Campbell would sit upon his front porch And I'd be right there just sittin' on his knee He'd tell stories of love and feast and famine And I'd hang onto every word that he would breathe  He'd say, 'Boy as you walk through this life Here's a little wisdom that'll help you get by?  You gotta live and learn, you gotta crash and burn You gotta make some stances and take some chances You gotta laugh and love and take all life has to give You gotta live and learn so you can learn to live  Though I left home and I went to Carolina I then set off just to see what I could see I did some things that I wasn't really proud of And sometimes life just got the best of me  But I'd always think back to those days And I know what Grandpa Campbell would say  He'd say you gotta live and learn, you gotta crash and burn You gotta make some stances and take some chances You gotta laugh and love and take all life has to give You gotta live and learn so you can learn to live, yeah, oh oh  After years of runnin' 'round and searchin' I found me a woman who loves me just for me All those mistakes I thought that I was makin' Led me right here to ya sittin' on my knees  Son as you walk through this life Here's a little wisdom that'll help you get by  You gotta live and learn, you gotta crash and burn You gotta make some stances, you gotta take some chances You gotta laugh and love and take all life has to give You gotta live and learn, you gotta live and learn So you can learn to live, learn to live|Country
dariusrucker|If I Had Wings|Why do we hate' Why do we suffer? Why do we make our mistakes and constantly blame one another? Why is there war and why is there killing? Have we forgotten some secret we knew back when we were just children?  If I had wings I'd fly up to heaven I'd look down from the clouds on everything Then I could find all the things we've been missin' I would have all the answers if I had wings  Like why I am here and where did I come from And where will I go when my time here on this earth is done And what would I leave that would go on forever? Oh no, and what can I do while I'm here to make someone's life better?  If I had wings I'd fly up to heaven I'd look down from the clouds on everything Then I could find all the things we've been missin' I would have all the answers if I had wings  Oh now, if I had wings I would fly up to heaven I would have all the answers if I had wings|Country
dariusrucker|History in the Making|Don't move, baby don't move Ah, look at you, I just wanna take this in The moonlight dancing off your skin  Our time, let's take our time I just wanna look in your eyes and catch my breath 'Cause I got a feelin'  This could be a one of those memories We wanna hold on to, cling to, the one we can't forget Baby this could be our last first kiss, the door to forever What if this was that moment, that chance we're takin'? History in the makin'  Inside, baby inside Can you feel the butterflies floatin' all around? 'Cause I can sure feel it now  Tonight, maybe tonight Is the start of a beautiful ride that'll never end And baby I got a feeling  This could be a one of those memories We wanna hold on to, cling to, the one we can't forget Baby this could be our last first kiss, the door to forever What if this was that moment, that chance we're takin'? History in the makin'  Right here, right now Holdin' you in my arms  This could be a one of those memories We wanna hold on to, we wanna cling to, one that we can't forget Baby this could be our last first kiss, the door to forever What if this was that moment, that chance we're takin'? History in the makin' History in the makin', this is a chance worth takin'|Country
dariusrucker|Alright|Alright, alright Yeah, it's alright, alright  And I don't need five star reservations I got spaghetti and a cheap bottle of wine I don't need no concert in the city I got a stereo and the 'Best Of Patsy Cline'  Ain't got no caviar, no Dom Perignon But as far as I can see I got everything I want  'Cause I got a roof over my head The woman I love layin' in my bed And it's alright, alright  I got shoes under my feet Forever in the eyes staring back at me And it's alright, alright  Yeah, I got all I need And it's alright by me  Maybe later on we'll walk down to the river Lay on a blanket and stare up at the moon It may not be no French Riviera But it's all the same to me as long as I'm with you  May be a simple life but that's okay, yeah If you ask me baby I think I got it made  'Cause I got a roof over my head The woman I love layin' in my bed And it's alright, alright  I got shoes under my feet Forever in the eyes staring back at me And it's alright, alright  Yeah, I got all I need And it's alright by me It's alright by me, yeah, yeah  When I lay down at night I thank the Lord above For giving me everything I ever could dream of  'Cause I got a roof over my head The woman I love layin' in my bed And it's alright, alright, alright, alright  I got shoes under my feet Forever in the eyes staring back at me And it's alright, alright, alright  Yeah, I got all I need, yeah, I got all I need And it's alright by me, oh yeah It's alright by me, yeah, yeah, yeah|Country
dariusrucker|Drinkin' and Dialin'|Last thing I remember, I met the boys down at the Jammer We had a few beers and a few shots I woke up the next day with cotton mouth and a headache Trying to connect all the dots  Staring up at the ceiling, I got that funny feeling Looked over and I, I saw my ex-girlfriend I felt like a fool and that's when I knew I'd been drinkin' and dialin' again  So the next time you think I've had too much to drink And you tell me I shouldn't drive home When you take my keys, oh I'm beggin' you please Go on take my cellphone  'Cause I have been known after tying one on To call up a couple old friends Tell 'em that I love 'em or maybe dog cuss 'em When I'm drinkin' and dialin' again  So the next time you think I've had too much to drink And you tell me I should not drive home Oh, when you take my keys, oh I'm beggin' you please Go on and take my cellphone  If you've ever heard me slurring my words On your voice mail around 4:00 a.m You'll have to forgive me and blame it on the whiskey I was drinkin' and dialin' again I'd been drinkin' and dialin' again|Country
dariusrucker|I Hope They Get to Me in Time|I'm eight years old Daddy's cuttin' my hair Aqua Velva on his hands Momma's in the kitchen Got fried green tomatoes Poppin' in the pan I see a home run, a goal line Holding my breath gettin' baptized I see her beautiful face under that veil As she's walking down the aisle  I can hear the sirens comin' Smell the gasoline and smoke I'm pinned against this steering wheel Pretty sure my arm is broke I can see the flames and my life Flashing right before my eyes I hope they get to me in time  I could see the headlights swerve So I cut the wheel to the right Last thing I saw was that bottle turned up As he crossed that center line I see tiny hands, brown eyes Fallin' to sleep to that lullaby And you slide over next to me As I turn out the lights  I can hear the sirens comin' Smell the gasoline and smoke I'm pinned against this steering wheel Pretty sure my arm is broke I can see the flames and my life Flashing right before my eyes I hope they get to me in time  Please Lord, I'm beggin' you Don't let me go like this There's so much left that I want to do So much I don't want to miss  I can see the flames and my life Flashing right before my eyes I hope they get to me in time Just get to me in time Please get to me in, in time|Country
dariusrucker|While I Still Got the Time|Thirty nine candles burn out on a cake Each representing a million mistakes The last one still burns, there's a wish I can make This time I'm gettin' it right  So I close my eyes and I take a deep breath And I promise myself in the time I have left  I'm gonna work like I don't need the money I'm gonna laugh like I'm not afraid to cry I'm gonna dance like nobody's watching I'm gonna love while I still got the time  Lovin' me hasn't been easy on you I don't know why but I know you still do It maybe my day but here's a present for you You're lookin' at your new man  He's sincere and sober and faithful and kind And he's home when you need girl and startin' tonight  I'm gonna work like I don't need the money I'm gonna laugh like I'm not afraid to cry I'm gonna dance like nobody's watching I'm gonna love while I still got the time  No more excuses and no more me doin' things wrong Life is too short baby, I've wasted ours for too long And baby from now on  I'm gonna work like I don't need the money I'm gonna laugh like I'm not afraid to cry I'm gonna dance like nobody's watching I'm gonna love while I still got the time  I'm gonna work like I don't need the money I'm gonna laugh like I'm not afraid to cry I'm gonna dance like nobody's watching I'm gonna love while I still got the time I'm gonna love while I still got the time While I still got the time, Lord, Lord|Country
dariusrucker|Be Wary of a Woman|If you're a man like me who is good at leavin' If you like your space and you love your freedom Don't see yourself as ever settlin' down Or your whole world bein' tossed around  Be wary of a woman, a woman so fine Don't wanna change you, loves you just right Makes you feel like a man inside Sometimes she'll make you cry  Till you don't know what you're doin' You're outta control, forget about leavin', your heart won't go If you don't like that you better run and hide And be wary of a woman like mine  She'll make you laugh when you feel like cryin' Make you wanna live when you feel like dyin' So if you like livin' in the dark Just walk away, you're gonna lose your heart  Be wary of a woman, a woman so fine Don't wanna change you, loves you just right Makes you feel like a man inside Sometimes she'll make you cry  Till you don't know what you're doin' You're outta control, forget about leavin', your heart won't go If you don't like that you better run and hide And be wary of a woman, be wary of a woman like mine  Man, you don't stand a chance, don't even try Be wary of a woman like mine  Be wary of a woman, a woman so fine Don't wanna change you, who loves you just right Makes you feel like a man inside Sometimes she'll make you cry  Till you don't know what you're doin' You're outta control, forget about leavin', your heart won't go If you don't like that you better run and hide And be wary of a woman like mine, a woman like mine Be wary of a woman like mine, a woman like mine|Country
dariusrucker|True Believers|Church bells ringing on our wedding day Climbed in that limo and rode away Guess you'll always hear some people say, Man, they're never gonna make it.  We settled in and we settled down In this quiet little seaside town You are the rock I built my world around And life will never break it  We are one heartbeat in the darkness We are one lasting answered prayer We are one unbroken promise And we are two, true believers  It wasn't easy getting here today Sometimes you stumbled or I lost my way But every roadblock was a chance to say; Take my hand I'm here beside you.  We worked and made it through the toughest parts Now every day is another chance to start To look around and see where we are It's where we were trying to get to  We are one heartbeat in the darkness We are one lasting answered prayer We are one unbroken promise And we are two, true believers  We are one before our God in Heaven Oh, we are one road when the going gets rough We are one now and forever We are one name, one life, one flame  We are one heartbeat in the darkness We are one lasting answered prayer We are one unbroken promise And we are two, true believers We are two, true believers|Country
dariusrucker|Miss You|Had a bottle of wine And a perfectly fine dinner Talked about school, work, life And how cold it was last winter Laid down in this big old bed And you turned on the TV Fell asleep without a goodnight kiss Or even an "I Love you baby" Oh baby  <i>[Chorus:]</i> How can we go all night And not even touch one another How can we say we're still in love And not be lovers How did we get here Where you can be right there And I can be with you And miss you  I remember the time When every time you saw me you had to kiss me Oh but lying here tonight, girl That all just seems like ancient history Oh what happened baby  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  Baby I still need you Hold and touch you Please say it's not the end Oh baby please say we're not just friends  We can't go all night And not even touch one another, no Baby I'm, I'm still in love So let's be lovers You know it's not fair That you can be right there And I can't be with you Oh, Oh and miss you Oh baby I, I miss you darlin' Oh I do, oh I do, layin' right next to you I miss you girl Oh yeah, oh baby I miss you|Country
dariusrucker|Wagon Wheel|Heading down south to the land of the pines I'm thumbing my way into North Carolina Staring up the road and pray to God I see headlights I made it down the coast in seventeen hours Picking me a bouquet of dogwood flowers And I'm a-hopin' for Raleigh, I can see my baby tonight  So rock me momma like a wagon wheel Rock me momma any way you feel Hey momma rock me Rock me momma like the wind and the rain Rock me momma like a south bound train Hey momma rock me  Running from the cold up in New England I was born to be a fiddler in an old time string band My baby plays a guitar, I pick a banjo now Oh, north country winters keep a-getting me down Lost my money playing poker so I had to leave town But I ain't turning back to living that old life no more  So rock me momma like a wagon wheel Rock me momma any way you feel Hey momma rock me Rock me momma like the wind and the rain Rock me momma like a south bound train Hey momma rock me  Walkin' to the south out of Roanoke I caught a trucker out of Philly had a nice long toke But he's a-heading west from the Cumberland gap To Johnson City, Tennessee I gotta get a move on before the sun I hear my baby calling my name and I know that she's the only one And if I die in Raleigh at least I will die free  So rock me momma like a wagon wheel Rock me momma any way you feel Hey momma rock me Oh, rock me momma like the wind and the rain Rock me momma like a south bound train Hey, hey momma rock me  Oh, so rock me momma like a wagon wheel Rock me momma any way you feel (I wanna feel) Hey, hey momma rock me (momma rock me, momma rock me) Rock me momma like the wind and the rain Rock me momma like a south bound train (I wanna rock like a south bound train) Hey momma rock me Rock me|Country
dariusrucker|Love Without You|Every friend has got a friend in mind 'Cause I've had more than a little time So it's on your mark, get ready, set But I know my heart's not ready yet  I can walk into a room without you And I don't get drunk and talk about you So I guess I've learned to live without you I just don't know how to love without you  She don't have to look just like you No her eyes don't have to be that blue It's hard to give someone a chance When you can't get past that second dance  I can walk into a room without you And I don't get drunk and talk about you So I guess I've learned to live without you I just don't know how to love without you  Sometimes the pain is dulled to numb And I can't believe how far I've come  I can walk into a room without you (I can breathe without you) And I, I don't get drunk and talk about you no more, no more (And I can sleep without you) So I, I guess I've learned to live without you (I can be without, I can be without you) I just don't know how to love without you (I don't know how, I don't know how) See, see I, I had to learn to live without you (I had to learn to live without you) Oh but I just don't know how to, how to love, how to love without you (Oh I just don't know, how to love, how to love without you)  Every friend has got a friend in mind 'Cause I've had more than a little time|Country
dariusrucker|Radio|Seventeen, the only way I had a car Is after I dropped my mama off where she needed to go Four bald tires, with the ceiling falling and the window stuck But the only thing that I cared about was the radio We'd turn it on, turn it up to ten, and everybody would jump on in  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Ridin' down the highway Who wants to be the DJ I'll find a spot on the side of the road You find somethin' on the radio Like a feel real good song We'll know it when it comes on Didn't have no money, no place to go All we needed was a radio  I'd grab my girl, we'd look for somewhere to watch the stars The perfect place to put it in park and take it slow She'd sing along to even the ones that she barely knew She still sounded good a little outta tune, but we didn't care I'd look at her, she' d look at me, I'll never forget that melody  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Shhh, hey y'all be quiet That's my favorite song Hey, man, turn it up loud Come on, come on, come on  <i>[Chorus]</i>  All we needed, all we needed now Was a, was a, was a radio|Country
dariusrucker|Lost in You|Spring break, tan skin Lord I can't remember when I fell, so fast Knowing it could never last  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I got lost in the rhythm of the waves of the ocean Lost in the sunset too I got lost in your eyes and the time Don't you know it Baby, I got lost in you  Five days, four night A smile I will remember For the rest of my life How sweet was your kiss I still taste it on my lips  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  Packed car, your tears I said girl I hate to leave you here I'll be back, I lied It's been all these years I still hear your goodbye  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  I got lost in the rhythm of the waves of the ocean Lost in the sunset too, yeah I got lost in your eyes and the time Don't you know it Baby I got lost in you, yeah Baby I got lost in you Oh baby, I got lost in you|Country
dariusrucker|I Will Love You Still|Take the key off the chain Leave it stuck in the door Don't even try to explain What you're leaving me for Cause you won't cry And you won't call And you won't even miss me at all  But I will (In the middle of the night, in the middle of the day) Yeah I will (Every second you're gone, once you go away) I will love you still  Take those pictures of us Pull 'em down off the shelf Go wherever you want Go, try to be somebody else 'Cause you won't stay And you won't fight And you won't wonder Where I'm sleeping tonight  But I will (In the middle of the night, in the middle of the day) Yeah, I will (Every second you're gone, once you go away) You know I will love you still  I hope you never spend forever Wondering if he ever Wondering if he ever Wondering if you ever loved me at all  I will (In the middle of the night, in the middle of the day) Oh, I will (Every second you're gone, once you go away) You know I will love you still Oh I know, I know that I will love you still I will love you still|Country
dariusrucker|Take Me Home|I wanna feel that ocean breeze that's got me wrapped around it's fingers I wanna hear a southern drawl and every word that lingers I need a sunday morning song by a just got baptized singer I been away too long, somebody take me home  I need a glass of sweet sun tea brewed out in the backyard I wanna see a kudzu vine sneaking up on a junk car I need to sit on my old back porch 'til the world lets go of my arm I been away too long, oh somebody take me home  Lord have mercy on a  poor boy's soul Crank it up and make these big wheels roll Can you get me there by the morning light And make everything alright 'Cause I been away too long Oh somebody take me home  I love this job, I do But my soul is wearing thin Oh I gotta get lost in where I'm from And find myself again Oh I been away too long Somebody take me home  I wanna waste a day with my little man throwing me that old football Soend sometime with Daddy's girls catching up on what's going on Then remind the woman I love just how much I miss her when I'm gone  Oh Lord have mercy on a  poor boy's soul Crank it up and make these big wheels roll Can you get me there by morning light Oh lord have mercy on my soul Crank it up and make these big wheels roll I wanna be there by morning light It'll make everything alright Cause I've been away too long Oh, I've been away too long I been away too long Somebody please, somebody take me home Oh home, home, home|Country
dariusrucker|Shine|November of '43 On a boat comin' 'cross the sea He left a boy, came back a man She started running' when she saw his face It'd been 655 days Since she held his hand He got down on one knee and pulled out that ring That he bought in Aberdeen And when it hit that New York sky  <i>[Chorus:]</i> It shined just like a spotlight A star up in the night sky The kind of thing that takes your breath away Her eyes sparked like that diamond With love beaming from 'em The kind of light that's never gonna fade It's gonna shine  For the next 55 years Through the laughter and the tears My grandma always fore that band through atom bombs and a baby boom Dr. King and a man on the moon No it never left her hand On the day she passed away Mama put it on a chain Now and then on special days  Mom would wear it around her neck  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  Mama said one of these days I'd know why she gave me that ring Sittin' here I know she was right Oh, it's knot the biggest stone you've ever seen But girl I can promise you one thing The rest of your life  It's gonna shine just like a spotlight A star up in the night sky The kind of thing that takes your breath away your eyes sparkled like that diamond With love beaming from 'em The kind of light that's never, never, never gonna fade It's gonna shine, shine, shine Shine, shine, shine Shine, shine, shine Like a beacon calling me home It's gonna shine Oh yeah, shine, shine, shine|Country
dariusrucker|Heartbreak Road|You've got the keys girl, I'm just a rider Gas it up and get us outta here Put the pedal down, I wanna fly girl Crank it up and catch another gear Let's go to Vegas, hit California Or Carolina where the southern breeze blows  <i>[Chorus:]</i> You can take me to the moon and back I can kick my boots off, relax in your Cadillac Baby take me anywhere you wanna go Just don't take me down Heartbreak Road no Don't take me down Heartbreak Road  Baby you had me, first time I saw you I said where you're going, take me there Oh girl I'm in now for the long haul You can pick the place, I don't care  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  We can drive all night, we don't need no plans,  remember that you've got my heart in your hands Let's go to Vegas, hit California Or Carolina where the southern breeze blows  You can take me to the moon and back I can kick off my boots and relax in your Cadillac You can take me anywhere you wanna go,  Just don't take me down Heartbreak Road no  You can take me to the moon and back I can kick my boots off,  just lay back in your daddy's Cadillac babe You can take me anywhere you wanna go Just don't take me down Heartbreak Road no Just don't take me down Heartbreak Road|Country
dariusrucker|Leavin' the Light On|Carolina Moon, Lazy Ol River Time Keeps Floatin' On By Moss Hanging From an oak tree Baby It's just you and me Sure makes one beautiful sight We got postcard views Curled up in this rocking chair Feel like I ought tip my hat To the man up stairs  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Leavin' the light on Leavin' the light on Burning the whole night through Leavin' the light on Leavin' the light on So I can look at you  Your pretty brown eyes Your legs that go forever Still can't believe you're mine Come on baby lets take a walk Follow the path down to that old dock  And bring along that bottle of wine That old moon's so bright Just hang in' up there Feel like I ought count' my blessings And thank the man upstairs for  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>  It's getting kinda late girl Lets go back to the house I wanna watch you from my pillow Til Morning Rolls Around So I'm  Leavin' the light on Leavin' the light on Burning the whole night through Leavin' the light on Leavin' the light on So I can, So I can see you Oh I wanna look at you o so I'm I'm Leavin' the light Leavin' the light on Oh it's burnin', oh it's burnin' through Oh, it's burnin' through yeah  I'm Leavin' the light on I'm Leavin' the light on So I can look at you|Country
dariusrucker|Lie to Me|Girl look at you right there with that wind in your hair Like a dream in the sunset light I couldn't love you anymore, I couldn't love you any less I guess I'm doing something right But girl you gotta promise me That if you ever have to leave  Baby lie to me 'cause I couldn't stand the truth And I couldn't bear the thought of losin' you Baby lie to me, tell me everything's all right And when I'm sound asleep, you can fade into the night Girl, instead of sayin' goodbye Just lie to me  Last night when I saw you in a dream, you were packing' your things And baby it all seemed so real You came to tell me you were gone, my life had ended like a song Felt as bad as I could feel So if there ever comes a day That you wanna walk away  Baby lie to me 'cause I couldn't stand the truth And I couldn't bear the thought of losin' you Baby lie to me, tell me everything's all right And when I'm sound asleep, you can fade into the night Girl, instead of sayin' goodbye Just lie to me  Baby just lie to me 'cause I could not stand the truth And I couldn't beat the thought of losin' you Baby lie to me, tell me everything is cool 'Cause knowing  you were leavin' girl, that would be so cruel Girl instead of saying' goodbye Just smile and look me right in the eye Yeah girl instead of watching' me cry Just lie to me oh yeah Baby lie to me|Country
tobykeith|I Love This Bar|We got winners, we got losers Chain smokers and boozers And we got yuppies, we got bikers We got thirsty hitchhikers And the girls next door dress up like movie stars  Hmm, hmm, hmm I love this bar  We got cowboys, we got truckers Broken-hearted fools and suckers And we got hustlers, we got fighters Early birds and all-nighters And the veterans talk about their battle scars  Hmm, hmm, hmm I love this bar  I love this bar It's my kind of place Just walkin' through the front door Puts a big smile on my face It ain't too far, come as you are Hmm, hmm, hmm I love this bar  I've seen short skirts, we got high-techs Blue-collar boys and rednecks And we got lovers, lots of lookers And I've even seen dancing girls and hookers And we like to drink our beer from a mason jar  Hmm, hmm, hmm I love this bar Yes I do  I like my truck (I like my truck) I like my girlfriend (I like my girlfriend) I like to take her out to dinner I like a movie now and then  But I love this bar It's my kind of place Just trollin' around the dance floor Puts a big smile on my face No cover charge, come as you are Hmm, hmm, hmm I love this bar Hmm, hmm, hmm I just love this old bar  And we've got divorcees, a big bouncer man An old jukebox and a real bad band We got waitresses, and we got barflies A dumbass and a wise guy If you get too drunk, just sleep out in your car Reason number six, seven and two why Hmm, hmm, hmm I just love this bar  Play it on out boys Beer thirty's over, gotta take it on home  Hmm, hmm, hmm I love this bar I just love it|Country
tobykeith|Who's Your Daddy?|Ooh, alright  Yeah, here you come knockin' on my door, baby Tell me what you got on your mind I guess those college boys all went home for the summertime  Yeah, you're lookin' right, lookin' good Lookin' like a woman should So why is it so hard to find A place to lay your pretty little head down once in a while  You run on a little tough luck, baby Don't you sweat it Everything is waiting inside for you You know I got it Come and get it  Who's your daddy, who's your baby? Who's your buddy, who's your friend?  And who's the one guy that you come runnin' to When your love life starts tumblin'? I got the money if you got the honey Let's cut a deal, let's make a plan  Who's your daddy, who's your baby? Who's your buddy, who's your man?  You might've run on a little tough luck, baby, did you? Don't you sweat it Everything is waiting inside for you You know I got it So come and get it  Who's your daddy, who's your baby? Who's your buddy, yeah, who's your friend?  And who's the one guy that you come runnin' to When your love life starts tumblin'? I got the money, you got the honey Let's cut a deal, let's make a plan  Who's your daddy, who's your baby? Who's your buddy, who's your man?  Who's your daddy, who's your baby? Who's your buddy, who's your man?|Country
tobykeith|Stays in Mexico|His name was Steve, her name was Gina They met at a bar called the Cabo Wabo Cantina He was an insurance salesman from South Dakota She was a first grade school teacher Phoenix, Arizona They started dancing and it got real hot Then it spilled over into the parking lot One more tequila they were falling in love One more's never enough  Don't bite off more than you can chew There's things down here the devil himself wouldn't do Just remember when you let it all go What happens down in Mexico Stays in Mexico  He woke up in the morning and he made a little telephone call To check on his wife and his kids back at home, in Sioux Falls She hopped right in the shower with a heavy, heavy mind He knew it was the first time Gina'd ever crossed that line They walked down to the beach and started drinking again Jumped into the ocean for a dirty swim One more margarita they were falling in love One more's never enough  Don't bite off more than you can chew There's things down here the devil himself wouldn't do Just remember when you let it all go What happens down in Mexico Stays in Mexico Oh, Mexico  Waiting at the bar in the terminal gate She says, "Steve I've got to go, I'm gonna miss my plane." He said, "One more tequila before you climb on up." She said, "One more's never enough."  Don't bite off more than you can chew There's things down here the devil himself wouldn't do Just remember when you let it all go What happens down in Mexico Stays in Mexico  Stays in Mexico Stays in Mexico Oh, Mexico|Country
joenichols|Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off|She said, "I'm going out with my girlfriends For margaritas at the Holiday Inn" Oh have mercy my only thought Was tequila makes her clothes fall off  I told her put an extra layer on I know what happens when she drinks Patron Her closet's missing half the things she bought Yeah, tequila makes her clothes fall off  She'll start by kicking out of her shoes Lose an earring in her drink Leave her jacket in the bathroom stall Drop a contact down the sink  Them panty hose ain't gonna last too long If the DJ puts Bon Jovi on She might come home in a table cloth Yeah, tequila makes her clothes fall off  She can handle any champagne brunch A bridal shower with Bacardi punch Jello shooters full of Smirnoff But tequila makes her clothes fall off  She'll start by kicking out of her shoes Lose an earring in her drink Leave her jacket in the bathroom stall Drop a contact down the sink  She don't mean nothing, she's just havin' fun Tomorrow she'll say, "Oh what have I done?" Her friends will joke about the stuff she lost Yeah, tequila makes her clothes fall off Oh tequila makes her clothes fall off Oh tequila makes her clothes fall off|
alanjackson|Remember When|Remember when I was young and so were you And time stood still and love was all we knew You were the first, so was I We made love and then you cried Remember when  Remember when We vowed the vows and walked the walk Gave our hearts, made the start, and it was hard We lived and learned life threw curves There was joy, there was hurt Remember when  Remember when Old ones died and new were born And life was changed, disassembled, rearranged We came together, fell apart And broke each other's hearts Remember when  Remember when The sound of little feet was the music We danced to week to week Brought back the love, we found trust Vowed we'd never give it up Remember when  Remember when Thirty seemed so old now lookin' back It's just a steppin' stone To where we are, where we've been Said we'd do it all again Remember when  Remember when We said when we turned gray When the children grow up and move away We won't be sad, we'll be glad For all the life we've had And we'll remember when  Remember when Remember when|
alanjackson|Don't Rock the Jukebox|Don't rock the jukebox I wanna hear some Jones My heart ain't ready For the Rolling Stones I don't feel like rockin' Since my baby's gone So don't rock the jukebox Play me a country song  Before you drop that quarter Keep one thing in mind You got a heartbroke hillbilly Standing here in line I've been down and lonely Ever since she left Before you punch that number Could I make one request  Don't rock the jukebox I wanna hear some Jones My heart ain't ready For the Rolling Stones I don't feel like rockin' Since my baby's gone So don't rock the jukebox Play me a country song  I ain't got nothin' Against rock &amp; roll But when your heart's been broken You need a song that's slow Ain't nothin' like a steel guitar To drown a memory Before you spend your money baby Play a song for me  Don't rock the jukebox I wanna hear George Jones My heart ain't ready For the Rolling Stones I don't feel like rockin' Since my baby's gone So don't rock the jukebox Play me a country song Ya don't rock the jukebox Play me a country song|Country
alanjackson|Chattahoochee|Well, way down yonder on the Chattahoochee It gets hotter than a hoochie coochie We laid rubber on the Georgia asphalt We got a little crazy but we never got caught.  Down by the river on a Friday night Pyramid of cans in the pale moonlight Talkin' 'bout cars and dreamin' 'bout women Never had a plan, just a livin' for the minute.  Yeah, way down yonder on the Chattahoochee Never knew how much that muddy water meant to me But I learned how to swim and I learned who I was A lot about livin' and a little 'bout love.  Ya ha  Well, we fogged up the windows in my old Chevy I was willin' but she wasn't ready So I settled for a burger and a grape sno-cone I dropped her off early but I didn't go home.  Down by the river on a Friday night Pyramid of cans in the pale moonlight Talkin' 'bout cars and dreamin' 'bout women Never had a plan, just a livin' for the minute.  Yeah, way down yonder on the Chattahochee Never knew how much that muddy water meant to me But I learned how to swim and I learned who I was A lot about livin' and a little 'bout love.  Well, way down yonder on the Chattahochee  It gets hotter than a hoochie coochie  We laid rubber on the Georgia asphalt We got a little crazy but we never got caught.  Well, we fogged up the windows in my old Chevy I was willin' but she wasn't ready So I settled for a burger and a grape sno-cone I dropped her off early but I didn't go home.  Down by the river on a Friday night  Pyramid of cans in the pale moonlight  Talkin' 'bout cars and dreamin' 'bout women  Never had a plan, just a livin' for the minute.  Yeah, way down yonder on the Chattahochee Never knew how much that muddy water meant to me But I learned how to swim and I learned who I was A lot about livin' and a little 'bout love.  A lot about livin' and a little 'bout love.  Ya he  That's right...|
alanjackson|Who's Cheatin' Who|Everywhere you look You can write a book On the trouble of a woman and a man But you can not impose You can't stick your nose Into something that you don't understand  But still you wonder Who's cheatin' who Who's being true And who don't even care anymore It makes you wonder Who's doin' right with someone tonight And who's car is parked next door  I thought I knew her well I really couldn't tell That she had another lover on her mind You see it felt so right When she held me tight How could I be so blind  But still you wonder Who's cheatin' who Who's being true And who don't even care anymore It makes you wonder Who's doin' right with someone tonight Who's car is parked next door  A heart is on the line Each and every time Love is stolen in the shadows of the night Though it's wrong all along It keeps goin' on As long as you keep in outta sight  Still you wonder Who's cheatin' who And who's being true Who don't even care anymore It makes you wonder Who's doin' right with someone tonight Who's car is parked next door  Still you wonder Who's cheatin' who And who's being true And who don't even care anymore It makes you wonder Who's doin' right with someone tonight Who's car is parked next door  Still you wonder Who's cheatin' who And who's being true And who don't even care anymore It makes you wonder Who's doin' right with someone tonight Who's car is parked next door|Country
alanjackson|I'll Go on Loving You|When I look into your soft green eyes When I see your delicate body Revealed to me as you slip off your dress I'm reminded what I feel for you Will remain strong and true Long after the pleasures of the flesh  Then I'll go on loving you   I'll go on loving you I'll go on loving you  Be it the wind or the rain Or the moon up in the sky The spin of the earth or the changes in the tide I don't know what brought us together What strange forces of nature Conspire to construct the present From the past  Then I'll go on loving you   I'll go on loving you I'll go on loving you  When I look into your soft green eyes When I see your delicate body Revealed to me as you slip off your dress I'm reminded what I feel for you Will remain strong and true Long after the pleasures of the flesh  Then I'll go on loving you   I'll go on loving you I'll go on loving you|Country
alanjackson|That'd Be Alright|If money grew on hackberry trees If time wasn't such a luxury If love was lovesick over me That'd be alright  If I could keep the wind in my sails  Keep a hold of the tiger by the tail A half a ham sandwich in my lunch pail That'd be alright  <i>[Chorus]</i> Yeah, That'd be alright That'd be alright If everybody everywhere had a lighter load to bear And a little bigger piece of the pie  We'd be livin' us a pretty good life And that'd be alright  Go heavy on the good and light on the bad A hair more happy and a shade less sad  Turn all that negative down just a tad That'd be alright  If my dear ol' dog never got old  If my family farm never got sold If another bad joke never got told  That'd be alright  <i>[Chorus x3]</i>  That'd be alright That'd be alright Yeah, That'd be alright That'd be alright.... That'd be alright|Country
alanjackson|Who I Am|Well I know you hate my drinkin' And the way I talk sometimes But you hate it most when I don't call at night  And it's just because you love me And you worry 'bout your man You do the best you can with who I am  Burnin' both ends of a candle Can leave one in the dark And I know what I put you through Is hard upon your heart And it's just that you're concerned for me Sweetheart, I understand You do the best you can with who I am  You go to church on Sunday While I'm still home in bed Sleepin' off the night I had before  And sometimes you say I'm perfect And sometimes not worth a damn You do the best you can with who I am  Burnin' both ends of a candle Can leave one in the dark And I know what I put you through Is hard upon your heart And it's just that you're concerned for me Sweetheart, I understand  You do the best you can with who I am You do the best you can with who I am.|Country
alanjackson|Little Bitty|Have a little love on a little honeymoon You got a little dish and you got a little spoon A little bitty house and a little bitty yard A little bitty dog and a little bitty car.  Well, it's alright to be little bitty A little hometown or a big old city Might as well share, might as well smile Life goes on for a little bitty while.  A little bitty baby in a little bitty gown It'll grow up in a little bitty town A big yellow bus and little bitty books It all started with a little bitty look.  Well, it's alright to be little bitty A little hometown or a big old city Might as well share, might as well smile Life goes on for a little bitty while.  (Yeeeaaahhhh)  You know you got a job and a little bitty check A six pack of beer and television set Little bitty world goes around and around Little bit of silence and a little bit of sound.  A good ole boy and a pretty little girl Start all over in a little bitty world Little bitty plan and a little bitty dream It's all part of a little bitty scheme.  It's alright to be little bitty A little hometown or a big old city Might as well share, might as well smile Life goes on for a little bitty while.  It's alright to be little bitty A little hometown or a big old city Might as well share, might as well smile Life goes on for a little bitty while.  (Whoooo)...|Country
alanjackson|It's Five O'Clock Somewhere|The sun is hot and that old clock is movin' slow, And so am I. Work day passes like molasses in wintertime, But it's July. I'm gettin' paid by the hour, and older by the minute. My boss just pushed me over the limit. I'd like to call him somethin', I think I'll just call it a day.  Pour me somethin' tall and strong, Make it a "Hurricane" before I go insane. It's only half-past twelve but I don't care. It's five o'clock somewhere.  Oh, this lunch break is gonna take all afternoon, And half the night. Tomorrow mornin', I know there'll be hell to pay, Hey, but that's all right. I ain't had a day off now in over a year. My Jamaican vacation's gonna start right here. If the phone's for me, You can tell 'em I just sailed away.  And pour me somethin' tall and strong, Make it a "Hurricane" before I go insane. It's only half-past twelve but I don't care. It's five o'clock somewhere.  I could pay off my tab, put myself in a cab, And be back to work before two. At a moment like this I can't help but wonder, What would Jimmy Buffett do?  Funny you should ask, Alan. I'd say,  Pour me somethin' tall and strong, Make it a "Hurricane" before I go insane. It's only half-past twelve but I don't care.  Pour me somethin' tall and strong, Make it a "Hurricane" before I go insane. It's only half-past twelve but I don't care.  He don't care. I don't care.  It's five o'clock somewhere.  What time zone am I on? What country am I in? It doesn't matter, it's five o'clock somewhere. It's always on five in Margaritaville, come to think of it. Yeah, I heard that. You been there, haven't you? Yes sir. I seen your boat there. I've been to Margaritaville a few times. All right, that's good. Stumbled all the way back. OK. Just wanna make sure you can keep it between the navigational beacons. Between the buoys, I got it. All right. Well, it's five o'clock. Let's go somewhere. I'm ready, crank it up. Let's get out of here. I'm gone.|Country
lorettalynn|Fist City|You've been making your brags around town That you've been a-loving my man But the man I love, when he picks up trash He puts it in a garbage can And that's what you look like to me And what I see is a pity You'd better close your face and stay out of my way If you don't wanna go to Fist City  If you don't wanna go to Fist City You'd better detour around my town 'Cause I'll grab you by the hair of your head And I'll lift you off of the ground I'm not a-sayin' my baby is a saint, 'cause he ain't And that he won't cat around with a kitty I'm here to tell you, gal, to lay off of my man If you don't wanna go to Fist City  Come on and tell me what you told my friends If you think you're brave enough And I'll show you what a real woman is Since you think you're hot stuff You'll bite off more than you can chew If you get too cute or witty You better move your feet, if you don't wanna eat A meal that's called Fist City  If you don't wanna go to Fist City You'd better detour around my town 'Cause I'll grab you by the hair of your head And I'll lift you off of the ground I'm not a-sayin' my baby is a saint, 'cause he ain't And that he won't cat around with a kitty I'm here to tell you, gal, to lay off of my man If you don't wanna go to Fist City  I'm here to tell you, gal, to lay off of my man If you don't wanna go to Fist City|Country
lorettalynn|Jackson Ain't a Very Big Town|Tonight at night we get married my friends all say it's a shame and disgrace And he's loved every woman in Jackson oh but Jackson ain't a very big place Tomorrow we'll go walkin' I count each one with a tear on her face Then I'll know just how many think I'm lucky cause Jackson ain't a very big place Jackson is a mighty small town where the gossips and the rumors go round But the gossips are the ones he turned down and Jackson ain't a very big town <i>[ steel ]</i> Jackson is a mighty small town...|Country
lorettalynn|You Didn't Like My Lovin'|Don't you think it's a little too late to show those tears Just look out the way you're treatin' me all these years I'm a full grown woman but you're treatin' me like a kid You didn't like my lovin' so I found someone that did You didn't like my lovin' so I found someone that did And the one I found really made me flip my lid After all that past I'm learnin' to live at last You didn't like my lovin' so I found someone that did <i>[ steel - dobro ]</i> Far as I'm concerned you can turn and walk out that door Cause the way we'd made it don't make it with me no more Where your head used to lay there's another head there instead You didn't like my lovin' so I found someone that did You didn't like my lovin'... You didn't like my lovin' so I found someone that did|Country
lorettalynn|I've Got Texas in My Heart|I'm packin' up my old suitcases to go see old familiar faces Give me blue skies and sunny Texas weather I crave the smell of good ole saddle leather I've got Texas in my heart I've got a lotta friends in Amarrilo I like Dallas Forth Worth Houston San Antone Got a pinin' in my heart to be in Texas I've said I'll wind up makin' it my home I'm packin' up my old suitcases to go see old familiar faces The Lone Star State has won my heart doggone it And long horn steak with lots of ketchup on it I've got Texas in my heart <i>[ banjo ]</i> I love the western way they grab in Texas where that Lone Star hat is mighty plain You can bet your boots and saddle I love Texas gonna hang and to go back there again I'm packin' up my old suitcases to go see old familiar faces Give me blue skies and sunny Texas weather I crave the smell of good old saddle leather I've got Texas in my heart (The eyes of Texas are upon you) I've got Texas in my heart|Country
lorettalynn|You Never Were Mine|It's late almost morning you just walk in the door Don't bother explaining I've heard it all before Just turn around and leave me I've made up my mind That I'll never lose you for you never were mine I'll hurt if you leave me but I'll hurt if you'd stay My heart knows no difference it would break either way They all say I've lost you but someday they'll find That I didn't lose you for you never were mine I can't say that's over it never did start guess I lose my mind after losin' my heart Oh no I'm not cryin' I've had too much wine How can I lose you when you never were mine Oh no I'm not cryin'...|Country
lorettalynn|Somebody's Back in Town|I just heard the saddest news somebody's back in town And I know just what she's gonna do She'll pick up what she left off her last time around Oh how it hurts to keep on losin' you Somebody's back in town to steal your love from me The fear I've had so long is now reality The only chance I have is when she throws you down My chance is gone somebody's back in town <i>[ steel ]</i> I know that I can't change your way we've been through that before Her trap is set and you will walk right in She only wants of love an up-affair and nothing more And you're just fool enough to fall again Somebody's back in town why can't she stay away You should know she never loved you anyway She'll let you live a little then she'll throw you down Sad news today somebody's back in town|Country
lorettalynn|How Long Will It Take|(How long will it take) how long will it take to make you need me I keep a waitin' and a wonderin' how long will it take Well you keep a tellin' me your love I'm winnin' Then you turn right around and you treat me hard and cold Well I ain't got but one life here I'm livin' So if you're gonna love me baby I've gotta know (How long will it take) how long will it take to make you want me How much longer has this old heart gotta break (How long will it take) how long will it take to make you need me I keep a waitin' and a wonderin' how long will it take <i>[ steel ]</i> Now there ain't a thing on earth that don't need a lovin' And baby I'm no exception to the rule But if you keep a puttin' everything above me Well how in this world will I ever get through to you (How long will it take...|Country
lorettalynn|I Don't Wanna Play House|Today I sat alone at the window and I watched our little girl outside at play With the little boy next door like so many times before But somethin' didn't seem quite right today So I went outside to see what they were doing And then the teardrops made my eyes grow dim Cause I heard him name a game and I hung my head in shame When I heard our little girl say to him I don't wanna play house I know it can't be fun I watched mommy and daddy and if that's the way it's done I don't wanna play house it makes my mommy cry Cause when she played house my daddy said goodbye I don't wanna play house...|Country
lorettalynn|I'm Shootin' for Tomorrow|It's a breakin' day and here you come with eyes as red as far You tell me that you've done nothin' and you don't know how right you are With the little home chores you used to do and they've all gone to pot So I'm a schootin' for tomorrow cause today's already shot I'm a schootin' for tomorrow cause today's already shot After all I'm gonna take and honey that's a lot Well you used to think you's the only man but I found out you're not So I'm a schootin' for tomorrow cause today's already shot <i>[ dobro ]</i> I used to keep the home from burnin' but I let 'em all go out So don't hand me that --- Now this old house is a gettin' cold and I'm a goin' where the climate's hot So I'm a schootin' for tomorrow cause today's already shot I'm a schootin' for tomorrow... I'm a schootin' for tomorrow cause today's already shot|Country
lorettalynn|God Bless America Again|God bless America again you see all the troubles that she's in Wash her pretty face dry her eyes and then God bless America again  God I sure to wish you bless America again You know like you did way back when it all began You blessed her then but we just sorta kinda take it for granted And never did ask again So God just hold her hand that's all And if she should stumble please don't let her fall God bless America again...  You know I don't understand to everythin' I'm readin' here About what's wrong with America And if you don't have a lotta good learnin' I guess there's a lotta things you don't understand But let me say this God she's like a mother to me And though all I am or ever hope to be I owe to you and to her Wash her pretty face...|Country
lorettalynn|Just A Closer Walk With Thee|I am weak but Thou art strong Jesus keep me from all wrong I'll be satisfied as long as I walk let me walk close to Thee Just a closer walk with Thee grant it Jesus is my plea Daily walking close to Thee let it be dear Lord let it be  When my feeble life is o'er time for me shall be no more Guide me gently safely o'er to Thy kingdom shores to Thy shores Just a closer walk...|Country
lorettalynn|Six Feet of Sod|Sometimes life can lead you in a lonely hopeless race I know I'd have trouble keepin' up my neighbor's pace But when we're dead no one's ahead the race belongs to God And he'll evens up the difference beneath six feet of sod  In time six feet of sod will make us all the same God will play no favorites to our wisdom wealth or fame He cuts to sizee each man who dies we'll all belong to God And he evens up the difference beneath six feet of sod  In time six feet of sod will make us all the same God will play no favorites to our visdom wealth or fame And ev'ry man must make his stand alone before his God And he evens up the difference beneath six feet of sod|Country
lorettalynn|I Feel Like Traveling On|My heavenly home is bright and fair I feel like traveling on No pain nor death can inner there I feel like traveling on Yes I feel like traveling on I feel like traveling on My heavenly home is bright and fair I feel like traveling on <i>[ ac.guitar ]</i> Its glittering towers the sun outshines I feel like traveling on That heavenly mansion shall be mine I feel like traveling on Yes I feel like traveling on... <i>[ dobro ]</i> The Lord has been so good to me I feel like traveling on Until that blessed home I see I feel like traveling on Yes I feel like traveling on...|Country
lorettalynn|Gethsemane|In the garden of Gethsemane Jesus suffered there His sweat became his blood they say, he spent the night in prayer They whipped him up the mountain, made him carry his cross He died to save the sinner man, he died to save the lost  Who shall wear his garment divided in four parts Who shall wear the savior's robe, we shall all cast lots  Gambling over the saviors clothes oh what an awful shame When Jesus was hanging on the cross they thought it was just a game I wonder how the solders felt when the day turned black as night Do you think they ran and hid and trembled with their fright  Who shall wear his garment divided in four parts Who shall wear the savior's robe, we shall all cast lots  Do you think that they felt sorry for the wrong that they had done When they learned the Jew they crucified, was God's own chosen son My savior was a humble man who did no wrong they say Now we call Easter morning, when the angel rolled the stone away  Who shall wear his garment divided in four parts Who shall wear the savior's robe, we shall all cast lots|Country
lorettalynn|Working for the Lord|(We'll be fightin' for our countrymen but we'll be workin' for the Lord)  The Bible is our weapon the amunition's inside I'm told Let's go fight on Jesus side he hasn't lost one soul Let's join his band of soldiers cause they don't live by sword We'll be fightin' for our countrymen but we'll be workin' for the Lord  Sixteen years ago today I gave birth to a little boy And of all the worries I've had for him ev'ry minute has been a joy And when they laid him in my arms on that twenty-seventh day of May I looked down at his tiny little face and you should have heard me pray Oh dear God you've blessed me with more than I deserve And someday God when he grows up it's you I pray he'll serve Now all his friends have gathered around to help him celebrate He just blew out the candles and has begin to cut the cake They're laughin' and they're talkin' of what they're gonna do and be some day And when they get a little older they're gonna go fight for their country But I couldn't help but overhear what my son had to say And there's not one doubt in my mind that my prayer paid off today  We'll be fightin' for our countrymen but we'll be workin' for the Lord|Country
lorettalynn|I Pray My Way Out of Trouble|Many times my mind is wrapped up in trouble and my heart gets so heavy too Sometimes when I sink so long I touch bottom I kneel down to reach out and he pulls me through I pray my way out of trouble and I ask my dear Lord to help me each day I pray my way out of trouble and the dear nail scared hand wipes my teardrops away  The smallest prayer from the world's bigger sinner brings a smile to his sadden face So I just go to him any time I am in trouble Wash my heart in the waters of my Saviour's grace I pray my way...|Country
lorettalynn|Just a Little Talk With Jesus|I once was lost in sin but Jesus took me in And then a little light from heaven filled my soul He bathed my heart in love and wrote my name above And just a little talk with my Jesus made me whole (Now let us) have a little talk with Jesus (let us) tell him all about our troubles (He will) hear our faintest cry (and we will) answer by and by (Now when you) feel a little pray'r wheel turning (Then you'll) know a little fire is burning (You will) find a little talk with Jesus makes it right <i>[ piano ]</i> (Now let us) have a little talk... <i>[ piano ]</i> I may have doubts and fears my eyes be filled with tears But Jesus is a friend who watches day and night I go to him in prayer he knows my every care And just a little talk with my Jesus gonna makes it right (Now let us) have a little talk... (Makes it right)|Country
lorettalynn|One's on the Way|They say to have her hair done Liz flies all the way to France And Jackie's seen in a discotheque doing a brand new dance And the White House social season should be glittering and gay  But here in Topeka the rain is a-falling The faucet is a dripping And the kids are a-bawling One of them is toddling And one is a-crawling And one's on the way  I'm glad that Raquel Welch just signed a million dollar pact And Debbie's out in Vegas, working up a brand new act While the TV's showing Newlyweds a real fun game to play  But here in Topeka the screen door's a-banging The coffee's boiling over And the wash needs a hanging One wants a cookie And one wants a changing And one's on the way  Now what was I doing? Jimmy get away from there Darn there goes the phone  Hello honey What's that you say? You're bringing a few ole Army buddies home? You're calling from a bar? Get away from there! No not you honey I was talkin' to the baby wait a minute honey the door bell Honey could you stop at the market and hello hello well I'll be  The girls in New York City, they all march for women's lib And Better Homes and Gardens shows the modern way to live And the pill may change the world tomorrow But meanwhile today Here in Topeka the flies are a-buzzing The dog is a-barking and the floor needs a scrubbing One needs a spanking and one needs a hugging Lord One's on the way  Oh gee I hope it ain't twins again|Country
lorettalynn|It'll Feel Good When It Quits Hurtin'|When you left me you thought I'll die sit at home alone and cry And it hurts me because that you were right I tell myself that I'll begin to try and forgive you but then I go and cry myself to sleep at night But somethin' that my mama said keeps goin' around inside my head And if I only knew that it was cool The time and tears will wash away this hurt I'm still in night and day And I know that I'll get over you Someone said one thing for certain it'll feel good when it quits hurtin' And you know that mamas always lie And if this hurt will go away then I'll feel good again someday And I won't ever want you in my side  And now you're spreaded all around just how you tore my playhouse down And that's because you broke my heart in two You think that love was fun and game and you don't even feel the shame But someday it may all come home to you And now you think you're flyin' high and you don't care how much I try What goes up will come back down someday And if my mama's words are true but then I won't be lovin' you And I'll be glad I heard my mama say Mama said one thing for certain...|Country
lorettalynn|Blueberry Hill|I found my thrill on Blueberry Hill On Blueberry Hill when I found you The moon stood still on Blueberry Hill Yeah it lingered until my dream came true  The wind in the willow played love's sweet melody But all of the vows you made were never to be Though we're apart you're a part of me still For you are my thrill mhm on Blueberry Hill Blueberry Hill  The wind in the willow played love's sweet melody But all of the vows you made were never to be Though we're apart you're a part of me still For you are my thrill mhm on Blueberry Hill Blueberry Hill|Country
lorettalynn|Love's on the Loose|I'll paint my lips and shake my hips all over town tonight I'll powder up and bat my baby blues Not a man in this ole town will be safe tonight Look out boys love's on the loose  Love's on the loose and it's runnin' free If you can't bite you'd better not bark at me I'll a toss my rope then I'll tighten up my noose Look out boys love's on the loose  Been chained up so long but now I'm on the prowl Somethin' snapped inside and lit my fuse There's no way you can tie down this ole gal Look out boys love's on the loose  Love's on the loose and it's runnin' free If you can't bite you'd better not bark at me I'll a toss my rope then I'll tighten up my noose Look out boys love's on the loose|Country
lorettalynn|L-O-V-E, Love|L-o-v-e l-o-v-e love There couldn't be a bad word I haven't heard you say Don't you know the needs of any woman You speak words my ears have never heard of The only four letter word that you don't know is l-o-v-e love L-o-v-e a word you never use l-o-v-e your lips never choose It's enough to make a woman want to give of The only four letter word that you don't know is l-o-v-e love <i>[ guitar ]</i> It would tear me all to pieces if you ever came to me With more to give than one robbed kiss at nighttime You'll never know the longing that my heart does The only four letter word that you don't know is l-o-v-e love L-o-v-e a word you never use...|Country
lorettalynn|He's All I Got|Well I said friend don't take him he's all I got Please don't take his love away from me I'm a beggin' you friend don't take him he's all I got He's everything in life I'll ever need  He is life when I wanna live he's everything to me in life that life can give He's my water when I need to drink He's the first thought in my mind each time I try to think Let me tell you now friend...  He's my fingers when I wanna feel He's the only thing in life to me that's really real He is love all the love I know He can kiss the ground in the wintertime and make the flowers grow Let me tell you now friend... Hear me talkin' now now friend don't take him he's all I got I'm a beggin' you friend don't take him he's all I got|Country
lorettalynn|I Can't See Me Without You|Is it day is it night am I losin' my sight Is it over are we really through I can't see you in my arms anymore And I can't see me without you  I can't see me without you to lean on And I can't see you leavin' or gone I could never see anything you wanted me to And I can't see me without you  I see the house you once called your own And I see the door you walked through I see the road you're leavin' me on But I can't see me without you  I can't see me without you to lean on And I can't see you leavin' or gone I could never see anything you wanted me to And I can't see me without you|Country
lorettalynn|It's Not the Miles You Traveled|I see that you're well traveled round the world and back again I don't think that's the answer cause you're still a lonely man Now don't tell me the things you've done and the places you have stayed If it's not the miles you've traveled Then surely it must be the stops you've made  Each stop has left a mark that even time cannot erase They cannot be forgotten cause they're written on your face I wonder if you felt true love in all the games you play If it's not the miles you've traveled Then surely it must be the stops you've made  So travelin' man move on to places far away from here And baby don't remind me that you almost held me near I could learn to love you but I'd still be so afraid If I can't go the miles you travel I don't wanna be another stop you've made|Country
lorettalynn|Too Wild to Be Tamed|The river flows on and there's dark before dawn And the wild blood flows through my veins With a ghost of a life I just can't be a wife I'm wild I'm too wild to be tamed  The wind is my kin and death is my end And for restlessness there is no cure My life's so unreal I just can't stand still I'm wild I'm too wild to be tamed  An eagle flies high with wings in the wind With blood so wild no man he'll befriend I'm a girl without name and I'll never be chained I'm wild I'm too wild to be tamed  The wind is my kin and death is my end And for restlessness there is no cure My life's so unreal I just can't stand still I'm wild I'm too wild to be tamed Yes I'm wild I'm too wild to be tamed|Country
lorettalynn|I'm Losing My Mind|Doctor how could live with this broken heart But my pride won't forgive my mistake I see him and my heart tells me oh what a fool I'm losin' my mind for my baby's sake  I'm losin' my mind because I love him so And it's so hard to love a man then let him go And doctor he'll need somethin' to ease his pain When he finds out the reason why I've gone insane  Guilt is my sickness and I wear it well Cause my baby don't know what I've done Feared that he'll leave me when he learns the truth The truth about the father of his son  I'm losin' my mind because I love him so And it's so hard to love a man then let him go And doctor he'll need somethin' to ease his pain When he finds out the reason why I've gone insane|Country
lorettalynn|Don't Come Home A-Drinkin'|Well you thought I'd be waiting up When you came home last night You'd been out with all the boys And you ended up half tight But liquor and love that just don't mix Leave a bottle or me behind  And don't come home a-drinkin' With lovin' on your mind  No, don't come home a drinkin' With lovin' on your mind Just stay out there on the town And see what you can find Cause if you want that kind of love Well you don't need none of mine So don't come home a drinkin' With lovin' on your mind  You never take me anywhere Because you're always gone Many a night I've laid awake And cried dear all alone And you come in a-kissin' on me It happens every time  So don't come home a-drinkin' With lovin' on your mind  No, don't come home a drinkin' With lovin' on your mind Just stay out there on the town And see what you can find Cause if you want that kind of love Well you don't need none of mine So don't come home a drinkin' With lovin' on your mind  No, don't come home a-drinkin' With lovin' on your mind|Country
lorettalynn|I Really Don't Want to Know|How many arms have held you and hated to let you go How many how many I wonder no I really don't want to know How many lips have kissed you and set your heart aglow How many how many I wonder but I really don't want to know So always make me wonder always make me guess And even if I ask you oh darling don't confess Just let it remain your secret cause darling I love you so No wonder no wonder I wonder no I really don't want to know No I really don't want to know|Country
lorettalynn|There Goes My Everything|I hear footsteps slowly walking as they gently walk across a lonely floor And a voice is softly saying darling this will be goodbye forever more There goes my reason for living there goes the one of my dreams There goes my only possesion there goes my everything  As my memory turns back the pages I can see the happy years we had before And the love that kept this old heart beating Has been shattered by the closing of a door There goes my reason for living...|Country
lorettalynn|Shoe Goes on the Other Foot Tonight|How long did you think you could go on hurtin' me And I'd be your fool and wait at home alone Well you go out and have your fun like you are free Tonight I'll have some pleasures of my own Cause a shoe goes on the other foot tonight We'll find out if two wrongs can make a right Tonight I'll push my heartaches out of sight Cause a shoe goes on the other foot tonight <i>[ steel - dobro ]</i> Each time you walk out the door you walk on me And you leave the door wide open for the blues You fly away from me like you are free You must think there's wings upon your shoes But a shoe goes on... Yes a shoe goes on the other foot tonight|Country
lorettalynn|Saint to a Sinner|You put a halo and wings around me now you say that I have gone bad But while you were busy with business and booze I lost the wings and the halo I had You say I went from a saint to a sinner but you can't blame me for it all You were the teacher I was just a beginner you don't know how it hurt me to fall <i>[ piano - steel ]</i> You didn't think that your angel could wander but I'm just like you flesh and blood While you had your drinkin' your buddies and business I guess I had too much time all alone You say I went...|Country
lorettalynn|I Can't Keep Away From You|By your side each minute's where I wanna be Can't get you off my mind and let it rest in peace So every step you make I wanna make it too oh I can't keep away from you Well I don't care where you are as long as you're with me You're every dream I dream you're every breath I breathe My shadow follows you loves everything you do why I can't keep away from you Oh I can't keep away from you I couldn't if I wanted to No matter how hard I try or what I do You've got my heart and soul that's why I need you so You're holding on to me I know I can't let go But all what I go through to prove my love is true oh I can't keep away from you <i>[ steel ]</i> Baby I can't keep away from you|Country
lorettalynn|I'm Living in Two Worlds|I'm living in two worlds dividing my time Unhappy in your world and lonesome in mine  When I'm in your world I just pretend that I'm really happy though I don't fit in Then I drift in my world so cold and alone I'm living in two worlds where do I belong I'm living in two worlds... <i>[ piano ]</i> Old friends in your world are new friends to me So I can't take part in your old memories Our love shared in two worlds that don't turn the same We both have our own worlds and neither can change I'm living in two worlds...|Country
lorettalynn|Get What'cha Got and Go|A pretty boy Charlie's the name that you've been a given And you act like the whole wide world all you were livin' You tell me you can get any girl you know You say it got what it takes to me you're just a heartache So get what'cha got and go You think you're the greatest thing in this whole town Oh number one but everyone no one can put you down Every night you go downtown where the go-gos go Oh well you think you're so hot and you tell me you're not So get what'cha got and go <i>[ steel ]</i> You better watch that sneaky smile right off of your face For I just might to knock it off and put it in your place Just like the wild wild wind all you do is blow Just say I'm holdin' you back but baby I'll have to pack So get what'cha got and go You think you're the greatest thing...|Country
lorettalynn|Making Plans|You say tomorrow you're going it's so hard for me to believe I'm making plans for the heartaches cause you're making plans to leave The tears for me will be falling like a tree that shedding its leaves I'm making plans for the teardrops cause you're making plans to leave You're making plans to forget me I'm making plans to miss you I'm getting ready to grieve I'm making plans to be lonesome cause you're making plans to leave <i>[ steel ]</i> Yes you're making plans to leave|Country
lorettalynn|I Got Caught|You're standin' there a sayin' I'm no good and I'm so ashamed I'd die if I could But you're no better than I am or have you given this one thought The only thing that's different I got caught Over night you left me all alone and the only arms close to me was my own And now you're blame on me but it's not all my fault The only thing that's different I got caught Yeah I got caught but honey you're a pro There's not a thing about cheatin' you don't know That same old line you sell is the same old line I bought The thing you've got away with I got caught <i>[ guitar - steel ]</i> Yeah I got caught... Yeah the thing you've got away with I got caught|Country
alanjackson|Remember When|Remember when I was young and so were you And time stood still and love was all we knew You were the first, so was I We made love and then you cried Remember when  Remember when We vowed the vows and walked the walk Gave our hearts, made the start, and it was hard We lived and learned life threw curves There was joy, there was hurt Remember when  Remember when Old ones died and new were born And life was changed, disassembled, rearranged We came together, fell apart And broke each other's hearts Remember when  Remember when The sound of little feet was the music We danced to week to week Brought back the love, we found trust Vowed we'd never give it up Remember when  Remember when Thirty seemed so old now lookin' back It's just a steppin' stone To where we are, where we've been Said we'd do it all again Remember when  Remember when We said when we turned gray When the children grow up and move away We won't be sad, we'll be glad For all the life we've had And we'll remember when  Remember when Remember when|
alanjackson|Don't Rock the Jukebox|Don't rock the jukebox I wanna hear some Jones My heart ain't ready For the Rolling Stones I don't feel like rockin' Since my baby's gone So don't rock the jukebox Play me a country song  Before you drop that quarter Keep one thing in mind You got a heartbroke hillbilly Standing here in line I've been down and lonely Ever since she left Before you punch that number Could I make one request  Don't rock the jukebox I wanna hear some Jones My heart ain't ready For the Rolling Stones I don't feel like rockin' Since my baby's gone So don't rock the jukebox Play me a country song  I ain't got nothin' Against rock &amp; roll But when your heart's been broken You need a song that's slow Ain't nothin' like a steel guitar To drown a memory Before you spend your money baby Play a song for me  Don't rock the jukebox I wanna hear George Jones My heart ain't ready For the Rolling Stones I don't feel like rockin' Since my baby's gone So don't rock the jukebox Play me a country song Ya don't rock the jukebox Play me a country song|Country
alanjackson|Chattahoochee|Well, way down yonder on the Chattahoochee It gets hotter than a hoochie coochie We laid rubber on the Georgia asphalt We got a little crazy but we never got caught.  Down by the river on a Friday night Pyramid of cans in the pale moonlight Talkin' 'bout cars and dreamin' 'bout women Never had a plan, just a livin' for the minute.  Yeah, way down yonder on the Chattahoochee Never knew how much that muddy water meant to me But I learned how to swim and I learned who I was A lot about livin' and a little 'bout love.  Ya ha  Well, we fogged up the windows in my old Chevy I was willin' but she wasn't ready So I settled for a burger and a grape sno-cone I dropped her off early but I didn't go home.  Down by the river on a Friday night Pyramid of cans in the pale moonlight Talkin' 'bout cars and dreamin' 'bout women Never had a plan, just a livin' for the minute.  Yeah, way down yonder on the Chattahochee Never knew how much that muddy water meant to me But I learned how to swim and I learned who I was A lot about livin' and a little 'bout love.  Well, way down yonder on the Chattahochee  It gets hotter than a hoochie coochie  We laid rubber on the Georgia asphalt We got a little crazy but we never got caught.  Well, we fogged up the windows in my old Chevy I was willin' but she wasn't ready So I settled for a burger and a grape sno-cone I dropped her off early but I didn't go home.  Down by the river on a Friday night  Pyramid of cans in the pale moonlight  Talkin' 'bout cars and dreamin' 'bout women  Never had a plan, just a livin' for the minute.  Yeah, way down yonder on the Chattahochee Never knew how much that muddy water meant to me But I learned how to swim and I learned who I was A lot about livin' and a little 'bout love.  A lot about livin' and a little 'bout love.  Ya he  That's right...|
alanjackson|Who's Cheatin' Who|Everywhere you look You can write a book On the trouble of a woman and a man But you can not impose You can't stick your nose Into something that you don't understand  But still you wonder Who's cheatin' who Who's being true And who don't even care anymore It makes you wonder Who's doin' right with someone tonight And who's car is parked next door  I thought I knew her well I really couldn't tell That she had another lover on her mind You see it felt so right When she held me tight How could I be so blind  But still you wonder Who's cheatin' who Who's being true And who don't even care anymore It makes you wonder Who's doin' right with someone tonight Who's car is parked next door  A heart is on the line Each and every time Love is stolen in the shadows of the night Though it's wrong all along It keeps goin' on As long as you keep in outta sight  Still you wonder Who's cheatin' who And who's being true Who don't even care anymore It makes you wonder Who's doin' right with someone tonight Who's car is parked next door  Still you wonder Who's cheatin' who And who's being true And who don't even care anymore It makes you wonder Who's doin' right with someone tonight Who's car is parked next door  Still you wonder Who's cheatin' who And who's being true And who don't even care anymore It makes you wonder Who's doin' right with someone tonight Who's car is parked next door|Country
alanjackson|I'll Go on Loving You|When I look into your soft green eyes When I see your delicate body Revealed to me as you slip off your dress I'm reminded what I feel for you Will remain strong and true Long after the pleasures of the flesh  Then I'll go on loving you   I'll go on loving you I'll go on loving you  Be it the wind or the rain Or the moon up in the sky The spin of the earth or the changes in the tide I don't know what brought us together What strange forces of nature Conspire to construct the present From the past  Then I'll go on loving you   I'll go on loving you I'll go on loving you  When I look into your soft green eyes When I see your delicate body Revealed to me as you slip off your dress I'm reminded what I feel for you Will remain strong and true Long after the pleasures of the flesh  Then I'll go on loving you   I'll go on loving you I'll go on loving you|Country
lorettalynn|Hey Loretta|Well goodbye tubs and clothes lines goodbye pots and pans I'm a gonna take a greyhound bus as further as I can I ain't a gonna wash no windows and I ain't a gonna scrub no floors And when you realize I'm gone I'm a gonna hear you roar And you'll say hey Loretta I love you more than my Irish Setter Hey Loretta don't leave me alone Hey Loretta I swear I'm a gonna treat you better Buy you brand new overalls if you'll only come back home  I work my fingers to the bone and we don't hardly speak And all I ever get is just a little kiss about once a week So you can feed the chickens and you can milk the cow This a woman's liberation honey is a gonna start right now And you'll say hey Loretta...  I'll dress up like a movie star and pretty up my hair And no one here is a gonna know what I'll be doing there I'll be swinging from a chandelier and bouncin' off the walls Instead of lovin' just one man I'm a gonna love 'em all And you'll say hey Loretta...|Country
alanjackson|That'd Be Alright|If money grew on hackberry trees If time wasn't such a luxury If love was lovesick over me That'd be alright  If I could keep the wind in my sails  Keep a hold of the tiger by the tail A half a ham sandwich in my lunch pail That'd be alright  <i>[Chorus]</i> Yeah, That'd be alright That'd be alright If everybody everywhere had a lighter load to bear And a little bigger piece of the pie  We'd be livin' us a pretty good life And that'd be alright  Go heavy on the good and light on the bad A hair more happy and a shade less sad  Turn all that negative down just a tad That'd be alright  If my dear ol' dog never got old  If my family farm never got sold If another bad joke never got told  That'd be alright  <i>[Chorus x3]</i>  That'd be alright That'd be alright Yeah, That'd be alright That'd be alright.... That'd be alright|Country
alanjackson|Who I Am|Well I know you hate my drinkin' And the way I talk sometimes But you hate it most when I don't call at night  And it's just because you love me And you worry 'bout your man You do the best you can with who I am  Burnin' both ends of a candle Can leave one in the dark And I know what I put you through Is hard upon your heart And it's just that you're concerned for me Sweetheart, I understand You do the best you can with who I am  You go to church on Sunday While I'm still home in bed Sleepin' off the night I had before  And sometimes you say I'm perfect And sometimes not worth a damn You do the best you can with who I am  Burnin' both ends of a candle Can leave one in the dark And I know what I put you through Is hard upon your heart And it's just that you're concerned for me Sweetheart, I understand  You do the best you can with who I am You do the best you can with who I am.|Country
lorettalynn|Coal Miner's Daughter|Well, I was born a coal miner's daughter In a cabin, on a hill in Butcher Holler We were poor but we had love, That's the one thing that daddy made sure of He'd shovel coal to make a poor man's dollar  My daddy worked all night in the Van Lear coal mines All day long in the field a hoin' corn Mommy rocked the babies at night And read the Bible by the coal oil light And ever' thing would start all over come break of morn  Daddy loved and raised eight kids on a miner's pay Mommy scrubbed our clothes on a washboard ever' day Why I've seen her fingers bleed To complain, there was no need She'd smile in mommy's understanding way  In the summertime we didn't have shoes to wear But in the wintertime we'd all get a brand new pair From a mail order catalog Money made from selling a hog Daddy always managed to get the money somewhere  Yeah, I'm proud to be a coal miner's daughter I remember well, the well where I drew water The work we done was hard At night we'd sleep 'cause we were tired I never thought of ever leaving Butcher Holler  Well a lot of things have changed since a way back then And it's so good to be back home again Not much left but the floor, nothing lives here anymore Except the memory of a coal miner's daughter|Country
alanjackson|Little Bitty|Have a little love on a little honeymoon You got a little dish and you got a little spoon A little bitty house and a little bitty yard A little bitty dog and a little bitty car.  Well, it's alright to be little bitty A little hometown or a big old city Might as well share, might as well smile Life goes on for a little bitty while.  A little bitty baby in a little bitty gown It'll grow up in a little bitty town A big yellow bus and little bitty books It all started with a little bitty look.  Well, it's alright to be little bitty A little hometown or a big old city Might as well share, might as well smile Life goes on for a little bitty while.  (Yeeeaaahhhh)  You know you got a job and a little bitty check A six pack of beer and television set Little bitty world goes around and around Little bit of silence and a little bit of sound.  A good ole boy and a pretty little girl Start all over in a little bitty world Little bitty plan and a little bitty dream It's all part of a little bitty scheme.  It's alright to be little bitty A little hometown or a big old city Might as well share, might as well smile Life goes on for a little bitty while.  It's alright to be little bitty A little hometown or a big old city Might as well share, might as well smile Life goes on for a little bitty while.  (Whoooo)...|Country
alanjackson|It's Five O'Clock Somewhere|The sun is hot and that old clock is movin' slow, And so am I. Work day passes like molasses in wintertime, But it's July. I'm gettin' paid by the hour, and older by the minute. My boss just pushed me over the limit. I'd like to call him somethin', I think I'll just call it a day.  Pour me somethin' tall and strong, Make it a "Hurricane" before I go insane. It's only half-past twelve but I don't care. It's five o'clock somewhere.  Oh, this lunch break is gonna take all afternoon, And half the night. Tomorrow mornin', I know there'll be hell to pay, Hey, but that's all right. I ain't had a day off now in over a year. My Jamaican vacation's gonna start right here. If the phone's for me, You can tell 'em I just sailed away.  And pour me somethin' tall and strong, Make it a "Hurricane" before I go insane. It's only half-past twelve but I don't care. It's five o'clock somewhere.  I could pay off my tab, put myself in a cab, And be back to work before two. At a moment like this I can't help but wonder, What would Jimmy Buffett do?  Funny you should ask, Alan. I'd say,  Pour me somethin' tall and strong, Make it a "Hurricane" before I go insane. It's only half-past twelve but I don't care.  Pour me somethin' tall and strong, Make it a "Hurricane" before I go insane. It's only half-past twelve but I don't care.  He don't care. I don't care.  It's five o'clock somewhere.  What time zone am I on? What country am I in? It doesn't matter, it's five o'clock somewhere. It's always on five in Margaritaville, come to think of it. Yeah, I heard that. You been there, haven't you? Yes sir. I seen your boat there. I've been to Margaritaville a few times. All right, that's good. Stumbled all the way back. OK. Just wanna make sure you can keep it between the navigational beacons. Between the buoys, I got it. All right. Well, it's five o'clock. Let's go somewhere. I'm ready, crank it up. Let's get out of here. I'm gone.|Country
lorettalynn|Fist City|You've been making your brags around town That you've been a-loving my man But the man I love, when he picks up trash He puts it in a garbage can And that's what you look like to me And what I see is a pity You'd better close your face and stay out of my way If you don't wanna go to Fist City  If you don't wanna go to Fist City You'd better detour around my town 'Cause I'll grab you by the hair of your head And I'll lift you off of the ground I'm not a-sayin' my baby is a saint, 'cause he ain't And that he won't cat around with a kitty I'm here to tell you, gal, to lay off of my man If you don't wanna go to Fist City  Come on and tell me what you told my friends If you think you're brave enough And I'll show you what a real woman is Since you think you're hot stuff You'll bite off more than you can chew If you get too cute or witty You better move your feet, if you don't wanna eat A meal that's called Fist City  If you don't wanna go to Fist City You'd better detour around my town 'Cause I'll grab you by the hair of your head And I'll lift you off of the ground I'm not a-sayin' my baby is a saint, 'cause he ain't And that he won't cat around with a kitty I'm here to tell you, gal, to lay off of my man If you don't wanna go to Fist City  I'm here to tell you, gal, to lay off of my man If you don't wanna go to Fist City|Country
lorettalynn|Let Your Love Flow|There's a reason for the sunshine sky There's a reason why I'm feeling so high Must be the season when that love light shines all around us So let that feeling grab you deep inside and send you reeling Where your love can't hide and then go stealing. Through the moonless nights with your lover  Just let your love flow like a mountain stream Let your love grow with the smallest of dreams And let your love show  And you'll know what I mean it's the season Yeah let your love fly like a bird on the wing And let your love bind you to all living things And let your love shine And you'll know what I mean that's the reason.  There's a reason for the warm sweet nights And there's a reason for the candle lights Must be the season when those love rites shine all around us So let the wonder take you into space And lay you under its loving embrace Let feel the thunder as it warms your face you can't hold back.  Just let your love flow like a mountain stream Let your love grow with the smallest of dreams And let your love show  And you'll know what I mean it's the season Yeah let your love fly like a bird on the wing And let your love bind you to all living things And let your love shine And you'll know what I mean that's the reason.  Just let your love flow like a mountain stream Let your love grow with the smallest of dreams And let your love show  And you'll know what I mean it's the season Yeah let your love fly like a bird on the wing And let your love bind you to all living things And let your love shine And you'll know what I mean that's the reason...|Country
lorettalynn|Jackson Ain't a Very Big Town|Tonight at night we get married my friends all say it's a shame and disgrace And he's loved every woman in Jackson oh but Jackson ain't a very big place Tomorrow we'll go walkin' I count each one with a tear on her face Then I'll know just how many think I'm lucky cause Jackson ain't a very big place Jackson is a mighty small town where the gossips and the rumors go round But the gossips are the ones he turned down and Jackson ain't a very big town <i>[ steel ]</i> Jackson is a mighty small town...|Country
lorettalynn|You're Lookin' at Country|Well I like my lovin' done country style and this little girl would walk a country mile To find her a good ole slow talkin' country boy I said a country boy I'm about as old fashioned as I can be and I hope you're likin' what you see Cause if you're lookin' at me you're lookin' at country  You don't see no city when you look at me cause country's all I am I love runnin' barefoot through the old cornfields and I love that country ham Well you say I'm made just to fit your plans But does a barnyard shovel fit your hands If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country  This here country is a little green and there's a lotta country that you ain't seen I'll show you around if you'll show me a weddin' band I said a weddin' band When it comes to love well I know about that country folks all know where it's at If you're lookin' at me you're lookin' at country  You don't see no city when you look at me cause country's all I am I love runnin' barefoot through the old cornfields and I love that country ham Well you say I'm made just to fit your plans But does a barnyard shovel fit your hands If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country  If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country|Country
lorettalynn|Me and Bobby McGee|La la la la la la (Bobby McGee) La la la la la la (Bobby McGee) La la la la la la (Bobby McGee) La la la la la la me and Bobby McGee  Busted flat in Baton Rouge headin' for the trains feelin' nearly faded as my jeans Bobby thumbed a diesel down just before it rained took us all the way to New Orleans I pulled my ol' har'poon out of my dirty red bandana And was blowin' sad while Bobby sang the blues With those windshield whipers slappin' time I was holdin' Bobby's hand in mine We sang every song that driver knew Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose Nothin' ain't worth nothin' but it's free Feeling good was easy Lord when Bobby sang the blues Feeling good was good enough for me good enough for me and Bobby McGee La la la la la la (Bobby McGee)...  From the coal mines of Kentucky to the California sun Bobby shared the secrets of my soul Standin' right beside me Lord through everything I done Every night he kept me from the cold Then somewhere near Salinas Lord I let him slip away Searching for the home I hope he'll find And I'd give all of my tomorrows for a single yesterday Holdin' Bobby's body close to mine Freedom's just another word... La la la la la la (Bobby McGee)...|Country
lorettalynn|You Didn't Like My Lovin'|Don't you think it's a little too late to show those tears Just look out the way you're treatin' me all these years I'm a full grown woman but you're treatin' me like a kid You didn't like my lovin' so I found someone that did You didn't like my lovin' so I found someone that did And the one I found really made me flip my lid After all that past I'm learnin' to live at last You didn't like my lovin' so I found someone that did <i>[ steel - dobro ]</i> Far as I'm concerned you can turn and walk out that door Cause the way we'd made it don't make it with me no more Where your head used to lay there's another head there instead You didn't like my lovin' so I found someone that did You didn't like my lovin'... You didn't like my lovin' so I found someone that did|Country
lorettalynn|I've Got Texas in My Heart|I'm packin' up my old suitcases to go see old familiar faces Give me blue skies and sunny Texas weather I crave the smell of good ole saddle leather I've got Texas in my heart I've got a lotta friends in Amarrilo I like Dallas Forth Worth Houston San Antone Got a pinin' in my heart to be in Texas I've said I'll wind up makin' it my home I'm packin' up my old suitcases to go see old familiar faces The Lone Star State has won my heart doggone it And long horn steak with lots of ketchup on it I've got Texas in my heart <i>[ banjo ]</i> I love the western way they grab in Texas where that Lone Star hat is mighty plain You can bet your boots and saddle I love Texas gonna hang and to go back there again I'm packin' up my old suitcases to go see old familiar faces Give me blue skies and sunny Texas weather I crave the smell of good old saddle leather I've got Texas in my heart (The eyes of Texas are upon you) I've got Texas in my heart|Country
lorettalynn|You Never Were Mine|It's late almost morning you just walk in the door Don't bother explaining I've heard it all before Just turn around and leave me I've made up my mind That I'll never lose you for you never were mine I'll hurt if you leave me but I'll hurt if you'd stay My heart knows no difference it would break either way They all say I've lost you but someday they'll find That I didn't lose you for you never were mine I can't say that's over it never did start guess I lose my mind after losin' my heart Oh no I'm not cryin' I've had too much wine How can I lose you when you never were mine Oh no I'm not cryin'...|Country
lorettalynn|Somebody's Back in Town|I just heard the saddest news somebody's back in town And I know just what she's gonna do She'll pick up what she left off her last time around Oh how it hurts to keep on losin' you Somebody's back in town to steal your love from me The fear I've had so long is now reality The only chance I have is when she throws you down My chance is gone somebody's back in town <i>[ steel ]</i> I know that I can't change your way we've been through that before Her trap is set and you will walk right in She only wants of love an up-affair and nothing more And you're just fool enough to fall again Somebody's back in town why can't she stay away You should know she never loved you anyway She'll let you live a little then she'll throw you down Sad news today somebody's back in town|Country
lorettalynn|You Ain't Woman Enough|You've come to tell me something you say I ought to know That he don't love me anymore and I'll have to let him go You say you're gonna take him, oh but I don't think you can 'Cause you ain't woman enough to take my man  Women like you, they're a dime a dozen, you can buy 'em anywhere For you to get to him I'd have to move over and I'm gonna stand right here It'll be over my dead body so get out while you can 'Cause you ain't woman enough to take my man  Sometimes a man starts lookin' at things that he don't need He took a second look at you but he's in love with me Well, I don't know where that leaves you, oh but I know where I'll stand And you ain't woman enough to take my man  Women like you, they're a dime a dozen, you can buy 'em anywhere For you to get to him I'd have to move over and I'm gonna stand right here It'll be over my dead body so get out while you can 'Cause you ain't woman enough to take my man No, you ain't woman enough to take my man|Country
lorettalynn|We've Come a Long Way Baby|Well, I'm a good ol' girl an' I would like to please every way I can. I've loved you an' I've always let you have the upper hand. How come you think you're so smart, an' I'm the weaker sex? There ain't a man alive can match a woman, trick for trick.  We've come a long way, baby. All the way to Hollywood from Arkansas. We've come a long way, baby. Second class don't turn me on at all.  Well, I don't wanna a wall to paint, but I'm a-gonna have my say. From now on, lover-boy, it's fifty-fifty, all the way. Up to now I've been an object made for pleasin' you. Times have changedaand I'm demanding satisfaction too.  We've come a long way, baby. All the way to Hollywood from Arkansas. We've come a long way, baby. Second class don't turn me on at all.  We've come a long way, baby. All the way to Hollywood from Arkansas. We've come a long way, baby. Second class don't turn me on at all.|Country
lorettalynn|How Long Will It Take|(How long will it take) how long will it take to make you need me I keep a waitin' and a wonderin' how long will it take Well you keep a tellin' me your love I'm winnin' Then you turn right around and you treat me hard and cold Well I ain't got but one life here I'm livin' So if you're gonna love me baby I've gotta know (How long will it take) how long will it take to make you want me How much longer has this old heart gotta break (How long will it take) how long will it take to make you need me I keep a waitin' and a wonderin' how long will it take <i>[ steel ]</i> Now there ain't a thing on earth that don't need a lovin' And baby I'm no exception to the rule But if you keep a puttin' everything above me Well how in this world will I ever get through to you (How long will it take...|Country
lorettalynn|I Don't Wanna Play House|Today I sat alone at the window and I watched our little girl outside at play With the little boy next door like so many times before But somethin' didn't seem quite right today So I went outside to see what they were doing And then the teardrops made my eyes grow dim Cause I heard him name a game and I hung my head in shame When I heard our little girl say to him I don't wanna play house I know it can't be fun I watched mommy and daddy and if that's the way it's done I don't wanna play house it makes my mommy cry Cause when she played house my daddy said goodbye I don't wanna play house...|Country
lorettalynn|I'm Shootin' for Tomorrow|It's a breakin' day and here you come with eyes as red as far You tell me that you've done nothin' and you don't know how right you are With the little home chores you used to do and they've all gone to pot So I'm a schootin' for tomorrow cause today's already shot I'm a schootin' for tomorrow cause today's already shot After all I'm gonna take and honey that's a lot Well you used to think you's the only man but I found out you're not So I'm a schootin' for tomorrow cause today's already shot <i>[ dobro ]</i> I used to keep the home from burnin' but I let 'em all go out So don't hand me that --- Now this old house is a gettin' cold and I'm a goin' where the climate's hot So I'm a schootin' for tomorrow cause today's already shot I'm a schootin' for tomorrow... I'm a schootin' for tomorrow cause today's already shot|Country
lorettalynn|Spring Fever|Last night he took me in his arms, And held me tenderly. He said: "I don't know what's got into you, "But I'm lovin' what I see." I hid my shame and tried to say, The words I longed dreamed of. But instead of saying: "Set me free," I whispered: "I'm in love."  I said: "I guess it's Spring fever in the middle of Winter. "I hear bird singin', an' I feel the warm sunshine too. I said: "I guess it's Spring fever in the middle of Winter. "That makes the warm of glowing love," But I just couldn't tell him it was someone new.  I tried to make you understand, The reasons I can't go. You love is fresh and new, but his love's true, It's had time to grow. And even though he may no longer, Keep me satisfied. Don't you know he's still got Spring and Fall, And Summer on his side.  I said: "I guess it's Spring fever in the middle of Winter. "I hear bird singin', an' I feel the warm sunshine too. I said: "I guess it's Spring fever in the middle of Winter. "That makes the warm of glowing love," But I just couldn't tell him it was someone new.|Country
lorettalynn|It's Only Make Believe|People see us everywhere They all think we really care But myself I can't deceive I know it's only make believe.  My one and only prayer Is that some day you'll care My hopes my dreams come true My one and only you.  No one will ever know How much I love you so My only prayer will be some day you'll care for me But it's only make believe.  My hopes my dreams come true My life I give for you My heart or wedding ring My all my everything.  My heart I can't control You lure my very soul My only prayer will be some day you'll care for me But it's only make believe.  My one and only prayer Is that some day you'll care My hopes, my dreams come true My one and only you.  No one will ever know How much I love you so My plans, my hopes, my schemes You are my every dream But it's only make believe...|Country
lorettalynn|Snowbird|Beneath this snowy mantle cold and clean The unborn grass lies waiting for its coat to turn to green The snowbird sings the song he always sings And speaks to me of flowers that will bloom again in spring When I was young my heart was young then too Anything that it would tell me that's the thing that I would do But now I feel such emptiness within For the thing that I want most in life is the thing that I can't win Spread your tiny wings and fly away And take the snow back with you where it came from on that day The one I love forever is untrue And if I could you know that I would fly away with you <i>[ dobro ]</i> The breeze along the river seems to say That he'll only break my heart again should I decide to stay So little snowbird take it with you when you go To that land of gentle breezes where the peaceful waters flow Spread your tiny wings... And if I could you know that I would fly away with you|Country
lorettalynn|God Bless America Again|God bless America again you see all the troubles that she's in Wash her pretty face dry her eyes and then God bless America again  God I sure to wish you bless America again You know like you did way back when it all began You blessed her then but we just sorta kinda take it for granted And never did ask again So God just hold her hand that's all And if she should stumble please don't let her fall God bless America again...  You know I don't understand to everythin' I'm readin' here About what's wrong with America And if you don't have a lotta good learnin' I guess there's a lotta things you don't understand But let me say this God she's like a mother to me And though all I am or ever hope to be I owe to you and to her Wash her pretty face...|Country
lorettalynn|Rose Garden|I beg you pardon I never promised you a rose garden Along with the sunshine there's gotta be a little rain sometimes When you take you gotta give so live and let live or let go I beg you pardon I never promised you a rose garden  I could promise you things like big diamond rings But you don't find roses growin' on stalks of clover so you'd better think it over When it's sweet talking you could make it come true I would give you the world right now on a silver platter but what would it matter So smile for a while and let's be jolly love shouldn't be so melancholy Come along and share the good times while we can I beg you pardon I never promised you a rose garden <i>[ steel ]</i> I could sing you a tune and promise you the moon But if that's what it takes to hold you I'd just as soon let you go But there's one thing I want you to know You better look before you leap still water runs deep And there won't always be someone there to pull you out And you know what I'm talking about So smile for a while and let's be jolly... I beg you pardon I never promised you a rose garden|Country
lorettalynn|Help Me Make It Through the Night|Take the ribbon from your hair shake it loose and let it fall Layin' soft against my skin like the shadows on the wall Come and lay down by my side till the early morning light All I'm taking is your time help me make it through the night I don't care what's right or wrong I won't try to understand Let the devil take tomorrow Lord tonight I need a friend Yesterday is dead and gone and tomorrow's out of sight And it's sad to be alone help me make it through the night I don't want to be alone help me make it through the night Mhm mhm mhm mhm...|Country
lorettalynn|Just A Closer Walk With Thee|I am weak but Thou art strong Jesus keep me from all wrong I'll be satisfied as long as I walk let me walk close to Thee Just a closer walk with Thee grant it Jesus is my plea Daily walking close to Thee let it be dear Lord let it be  When my feeble life is o'er time for me shall be no more Guide me gently safely o'er to Thy kingdom shores to Thy shores Just a closer walk...|Country
lorettalynn|Hello Darlin'|Hello darlin' nice to see you it's been a long time You're just as handsome as you used to be How's your new love are you happy hope you're doin' fine Just to know it means so much to me What's that darlin' how'm I doing I'm doing all right Except I can't sleep and I cry all night till dawn What I'm trying to say is I love you and miss you And I'm so sorry that I did you wrong Look up darlin' let me kiss you just for old time sake Let me hold you in my arms one more time Thank you darlin' may God bless you and may each step you take Bring you closer to the things you seek to find Goodbye darlin' gotta go now gotta try to find a way To lose these mem'ries of a love so warm and true And if you should ever find it in your heart to forgive me Come back darlin' I'll be waiting for you|Country
lorettalynn|Six Feet of Sod|Sometimes life can lead you in a lonely hopeless race I know I'd have trouble keepin' up my neighbor's pace But when we're dead no one's ahead the race belongs to God And he'll evens up the difference beneath six feet of sod  In time six feet of sod will make us all the same God will play no favorites to our wisdom wealth or fame He cuts to sizee each man who dies we'll all belong to God And he evens up the difference beneath six feet of sod  In time six feet of sod will make us all the same God will play no favorites to our visdom wealth or fame And ev'ry man must make his stand alone before his God And he evens up the difference beneath six feet of sod|Country
lorettalynn|I Feel Like Traveling On|My heavenly home is bright and fair I feel like traveling on No pain nor death can inner there I feel like traveling on Yes I feel like traveling on I feel like traveling on My heavenly home is bright and fair I feel like traveling on <i>[ ac.guitar ]</i> Its glittering towers the sun outshines I feel like traveling on That heavenly mansion shall be mine I feel like traveling on Yes I feel like traveling on... <i>[ dobro ]</i> The Lord has been so good to me I feel like traveling on Until that blessed home I see I feel like traveling on Yes I feel like traveling on...|Country
lorettalynn|Never Ending Song of Love|I've got a never ending love for you from now on that's all I wanna do From the first time we met I knew I'd have a never ending love for you After all this time of being alone We can love one another feel for each other from now on Feel so good I can hardly stand it Never ending love for you from now on that's all I wanna do From the first time we met I knew I'd sing my never ending song of love for you  After all this time of being alone... I'd sing my never ending song of love for you|Country
lorettalynn|For the Good Times|Don't look so sad I know it's over But life goes on and this old world will keep on turning Let's just be glad we had some time to spend together There's no need to watch the bridges that were burning Lay your head upon my pillow hold your warm and loving body close to mine Hear the whisper of the raindrops blowing soft against the window And make believe you love me one more time for the good times  I'll get along you'll find another and I'll be here if you should find you ever need me Don't say a word about tomorrow or forever There'll be time enough for sadness when you leave me Lay your head upon my pillow...|Country
lorettalynn|Working for the Lord|(We'll be fightin' for our countrymen but we'll be workin' for the Lord)  The Bible is our weapon the amunition's inside I'm told Let's go fight on Jesus side he hasn't lost one soul Let's join his band of soldiers cause they don't live by sword We'll be fightin' for our countrymen but we'll be workin' for the Lord  Sixteen years ago today I gave birth to a little boy And of all the worries I've had for him ev'ry minute has been a joy And when they laid him in my arms on that twenty-seventh day of May I looked down at his tiny little face and you should have heard me pray Oh dear God you've blessed me with more than I deserve And someday God when he grows up it's you I pray he'll serve Now all his friends have gathered around to help him celebrate He just blew out the candles and has begin to cut the cake They're laughin' and they're talkin' of what they're gonna do and be some day And when they get a little older they're gonna go fight for their country But I couldn't help but overhear what my son had to say And there's not one doubt in my mind that my prayer paid off today  We'll be fightin' for our countrymen but we'll be workin' for the Lord|Country
lorettalynn|Stand by Your Man|Sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man You'll have bad times and he'll have good times Doing things that you don't understand But if you love him you'll forgive him even though he's hard to understand And if you love him all be proud of him cause after all he's just a man Stand by your man give him two arms to cling to And something warm to come to when nights are cold and lonely Stand by your man and tell the world you love him Keep giving all the love you can stand by your man Stand by your man and show the world you love him Keep giving all the love you can stand by your man oh yeah|Country
lorettalynn|Get Some Loving Done|I gotta get up and get some loving done My life's so poor ain't been much fun I found myself a woman and I know she's the one And I gotta get up and get me some loving done.  I've been doin' without a good thing much too long But you taught me to sing a brand new song When I look at me I see a brand new different me Let's gonna get up and get some loving done.  Yeah I've gotta get up and get some loving done My life's so poor ain't been much fun I found myself a woman and I know she's the one And I gotta get up and get me some loving done.  Well, you know how to treat me like a woman And satisfy my needs 'cause you're all man When I look at you I see it all belongs to me So I'm gonna get up and get some loving done.  Get up and get some loving done Our life's a gonna be a life more fun Yeah, I found myself a good man And he sure do turn me on.  We're gonna get up and get some loving done. Get up and get some loving done...|Country
lorettalynn|I Pray My Way Out of Trouble|Many times my mind is wrapped up in trouble and my heart gets so heavy too Sometimes when I sink so long I touch bottom I kneel down to reach out and he pulls me through I pray my way out of trouble and I ask my dear Lord to help me each day I pray my way out of trouble and the dear nail scared hand wipes my teardrops away  The smallest prayer from the world's bigger sinner brings a smile to his sadden face So I just go to him any time I am in trouble Wash my heart in the waters of my Saviour's grace I pray my way...|Country
lorettalynn|Just a Little Talk With Jesus|I once was lost in sin but Jesus took me in And then a little light from heaven filled my soul He bathed my heart in love and wrote my name above And just a little talk with my Jesus made me whole (Now let us) have a little talk with Jesus (let us) tell him all about our troubles (He will) hear our faintest cry (and we will) answer by and by (Now when you) feel a little pray'r wheel turning (Then you'll) know a little fire is burning (You will) find a little talk with Jesus makes it right <i>[ piano ]</i> (Now let us) have a little talk... <i>[ piano ]</i> I may have doubts and fears my eyes be filled with tears But Jesus is a friend who watches day and night I go to him in prayer he knows my every care And just a little talk with my Jesus gonna makes it right (Now let us) have a little talk... (Makes it right)|Country
lorettalynn|One's on the Way|They say to have her hair done Liz flies all the way to France And Jackie's seen in a discotheque doing a brand new dance And the White House social season should be glittering and gay  But here in Topeka the rain is a-falling The faucet is a dripping And the kids are a-bawling One of them is toddling And one is a-crawling And one's on the way  I'm glad that Raquel Welch just signed a million dollar pact And Debbie's out in Vegas, working up a brand new act While the TV's showing Newlyweds a real fun game to play  But here in Topeka the screen door's a-banging The coffee's boiling over And the wash needs a hanging One wants a cookie And one wants a changing And one's on the way  Now what was I doing? Jimmy get away from there Darn there goes the phone  Hello honey What's that you say? You're bringing a few ole Army buddies home? You're calling from a bar? Get away from there! No not you honey I was talkin' to the baby wait a minute honey the door bell Honey could you stop at the market and hello hello well I'll be  The girls in New York City, they all march for women's lib And Better Homes and Gardens shows the modern way to live And the pill may change the world tomorrow But meanwhile today Here in Topeka the flies are a-buzzing The dog is a-barking and the floor needs a scrubbing One needs a spanking and one needs a hugging Lord One's on the way  Oh gee I hope it ain't twins again|Country
lorettalynn|It'll Feel Good When It Quits Hurtin'|When you left me you thought I'll die sit at home alone and cry And it hurts me because that you were right I tell myself that I'll begin to try and forgive you but then I go and cry myself to sleep at night But somethin' that my mama said keeps goin' around inside my head And if I only knew that it was cool The time and tears will wash away this hurt I'm still in night and day And I know that I'll get over you Someone said one thing for certain it'll feel good when it quits hurtin' And you know that mamas always lie And if this hurt will go away then I'll feel good again someday And I won't ever want you in my side  And now you're spreaded all around just how you tore my playhouse down And that's because you broke my heart in two You think that love was fun and game and you don't even feel the shame But someday it may all come home to you And now you think you're flyin' high and you don't care how much I try What goes up will come back down someday And if my mama's words are true but then I won't be lovin' you And I'll be glad I heard my mama say Mama said one thing for certain...|Country
lorettalynn|Blueberry Hill|I found my thrill on Blueberry Hill On Blueberry Hill when I found you The moon stood still on Blueberry Hill Yeah it lingered until my dream came true  The wind in the willow played love's sweet melody But all of the vows you made were never to be Though we're apart you're a part of me still For you are my thrill mhm on Blueberry Hill Blueberry Hill  The wind in the willow played love's sweet melody But all of the vows you made were never to be Though we're apart you're a part of me still For you are my thrill mhm on Blueberry Hill Blueberry Hill|Country
lorettalynn|Love's on the Loose|I'll paint my lips and shake my hips all over town tonight I'll powder up and bat my baby blues Not a man in this ole town will be safe tonight Look out boys love's on the loose  Love's on the loose and it's runnin' free If you can't bite you'd better not bark at me I'll a toss my rope then I'll tighten up my noose Look out boys love's on the loose  Been chained up so long but now I'm on the prowl Somethin' snapped inside and lit my fuse There's no way you can tie down this ole gal Look out boys love's on the loose  Love's on the loose and it's runnin' free If you can't bite you'd better not bark at me I'll a toss my rope then I'll tighten up my noose Look out boys love's on the loose|Country
lorettalynn|These Boots Are Made for Walkin'|You keep a sayin' you got something for me something you call love but confess yes You've been a messin' where you shouldn't been a messin' And now someone else is a gettin' all your best These boots are made for walkin' and that's just what they'll do One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you  You keep lyin' when you ought to be true then And you keep loosin' when you ought enough bad You keep a samin' when you oughta be a changin' The what's right is right and you ain't been right yet These boots are made for walkin'...  You keep a playin' where you shouldn't be playin' And you keep a thinkin' that you'll never get burned I've just found me a brand new box of matches yeah And what he knows you ain't that time to learn These boots are made for walkin'... Come on boots let's walk all over|Country
lorettalynn|God Gave Me a Heart to Forgive|It's midnight now and I'm still all alone It's always late each night when you come home I stay and take each heartache that you give cause God gave me a heart to forgive Yes I could call these tears my closest friends They stay with me till you come home again You brought me every mis'ry that there is but God gave me a heart to forgive You hurt me as much as you can Then you tell me that you're just weak like any other man Still you're the only reason that I live and God gave me a heart to forgive  You hurt me as much as you can...|Country
lorettalynn|L-O-V-E, Love|L-o-v-e l-o-v-e love There couldn't be a bad word I haven't heard you say Don't you know the needs of any woman You speak words my ears have never heard of The only four letter word that you don't know is l-o-v-e love L-o-v-e a word you never use l-o-v-e your lips never choose It's enough to make a woman want to give of The only four letter word that you don't know is l-o-v-e love <i>[ guitar ]</i> It would tear me all to pieces if you ever came to me With more to give than one robbed kiss at nighttime You'll never know the longing that my heart does The only four letter word that you don't know is l-o-v-e love L-o-v-e a word you never use...|Country
lorettalynn|He's All I Got|Well I said friend don't take him he's all I got Please don't take his love away from me I'm a beggin' you friend don't take him he's all I got He's everything in life I'll ever need  He is life when I wanna live he's everything to me in life that life can give He's my water when I need to drink He's the first thought in my mind each time I try to think Let me tell you now friend...  He's my fingers when I wanna feel He's the only thing in life to me that's really real He is love all the love I know He can kiss the ground in the wintertime and make the flowers grow Let me tell you now friend... Hear me talkin' now now friend don't take him he's all I got I'm a beggin' you friend don't take him he's all I got|Country
lorettalynn|I Can't See Me Without You|Is it day is it night am I losin' my sight Is it over are we really through I can't see you in my arms anymore And I can't see me without you  I can't see me without you to lean on And I can't see you leavin' or gone I could never see anything you wanted me to And I can't see me without you  I see the house you once called your own And I see the door you walked through I see the road you're leavin' me on But I can't see me without you  I can't see me without you to lean on And I can't see you leavin' or gone I could never see anything you wanted me to And I can't see me without you|Country
lorettalynn|It's Not the Miles You Traveled|I see that you're well traveled round the world and back again I don't think that's the answer cause you're still a lonely man Now don't tell me the things you've done and the places you have stayed If it's not the miles you've traveled Then surely it must be the stops you've made  Each stop has left a mark that even time cannot erase They cannot be forgotten cause they're written on your face I wonder if you felt true love in all the games you play If it's not the miles you've traveled Then surely it must be the stops you've made  So travelin' man move on to places far away from here And baby don't remind me that you almost held me near I could learn to love you but I'd still be so afraid If I can't go the miles you travel I don't wanna be another stop you've made|Country
lorettalynn|Keep Your Change|You need a change of scenery that's all I ever heard And when you left and you said goodbye I never said a word You're back but I don't want you back to you that might seem strange But I ain't find what she bought so honey keep your change Yeah honey keep your change and the trouble that she brings You've worked real hard for what you got so honey keep your change  What happened to the scenery that look so good to you Did you get hard of the change you made or did she get hard of you You're like a travelin' salesman and I hear they're all the same So travel right on back to her yeah honey keep your change Yeah honey keep your change... Yeah honey keep your change... Yeah honey keep your change yeah honey keep your change|Country
lorettalynn|Someone Before Me|Someone before me still turns you inside out When we're together she's all you talk about You're always wanting me to do the things she used to do Someone before me sure left her mark on you I've tried to get inside your heart but I don't have a chance Now I can see she's on your mind with every little glance You're living on old mem'ries my love can't get through to you Someone before me sure left her mark on you  I've tried to get inside your heart...|Country
lorettalynn|The Darkest Day|Oh why don't that ole sun shine bright Today's the darkest day of my life  Darlin' when you told me you were leavin' I thought that you were only foolin' me But here I am to face old blue tomorrow With a broken heart that's filled with misery  It seems that my world is to an end Just dreamin' of things that could have been Oh why don't that ole sun shine bright Today's the darkest day of my life  Oh how I wished that ole sayin' is true It's always darkest just before dawn And only God in heaven knows my heart is achin' And only you can keep this heart of mine from breakin'  It seems that my world is to an end Just dreamin' of things that could have been Oh why don't that ole sun shine bright Today's the darkest day of my life|Country
lorettalynn|Too Wild to Be Tamed|The river flows on and there's dark before dawn And the wild blood flows through my veins With a ghost of a life I just can't be a wife I'm wild I'm too wild to be tamed  The wind is my kin and death is my end And for restlessness there is no cure My life's so unreal I just can't stand still I'm wild I'm too wild to be tamed  An eagle flies high with wings in the wind With blood so wild no man he'll befriend I'm a girl without name and I'll never be chained I'm wild I'm too wild to be tamed  The wind is my kin and death is my end And for restlessness there is no cure My life's so unreal I just can't stand still I'm wild I'm too wild to be tamed Yes I'm wild I'm too wild to be tamed|Country
lorettalynn|I'm Losing My Mind|Doctor how could live with this broken heart But my pride won't forgive my mistake I see him and my heart tells me oh what a fool I'm losin' my mind for my baby's sake  I'm losin' my mind because I love him so And it's so hard to love a man then let him go And doctor he'll need somethin' to ease his pain When he finds out the reason why I've gone insane  Guilt is my sickness and I wear it well Cause my baby don't know what I've done Feared that he'll leave me when he learns the truth The truth about the father of his son  I'm losin' my mind because I love him so And it's so hard to love a man then let him go And doctor he'll need somethin' to ease his pain When he finds out the reason why I've gone insane|Country
lorettalynn|Tippy Toeing|Well mama go a tippy tippy toein' through the house Gotta see what's the matter with the baby It's been a bawlin' and a squallin' and a kickin' on the wall Well I guess it's dropped its little bottle maybe Oh daddy come a runnin' with the water and a rag Gonna need another little diaper maybe No need a hesitatin' or a wonderin' and a waitin' I know what's the matter with baby Oh mama rock a baby daddy rock a baby too It's a yawnin' and a gettin' sleepy maybe So mama keep a rockin' daddy rock a little too and at last it's a sleepin' little baby  Well mama tippy toein' daddy tippy toein' too gonna try to do a little sleepin' maybe Whether it'll be a minute or an hour or two is depending entirely on the baby Well I hear the clock a ringin' just a dongin' and a dingin' Daddy go and make a little money maybe Mama sleep a little longer but remember while he's gone Won't you please take care of the baby Oh mama rock a baby... And at last it's a sleepin' little baby after all it's a sleepin' little baby After all it's a sleepin' little baby after all it's a sleepin' little baby|Country
lorettalynn|Talking to the Wall|Oh I might as well be talking to the wall I've known so long with me you've been unsatisfied So I finally found the strenght to say goodbye Why already I forgot a million memories and leaving you was easy as could be But I might as well be talking to the wall when I tell myself I'm not missin' you at all Cause every time you come around I fall and I might as well be talking to the wall  It seems there's not a day that some friends of mine Don't bring back the mem'ries I'll recall But I smile and say you know it's been a long long time And I hardly remember him at all But I might as well be... Yes I might as well be talking to the wall|Country
lorettalynn|It's Another World|It's another world when I'm with you Roses everywhere blue skies up above everybody is in love It's another world when I'm with you and that's where I wanna be Never a day goes by when I'm blue there's no tears in my eyes when I'm with you It's another world when I'm with you Nights are made for love days are never long nothing nothing can go wrong It's another world when I'm with you and that's where I wanna be  Never a day goes by when I'm blue there's no tears in my eyes when I'm with you It's another world when I'm with you And it's here right now let me hold you close love you know just grows and grows It's another world when I'm with you and that's where I wanna be|Country
lorettalynn|Don't Come Home A-Drinkin'|Well you thought I'd be waiting up When you came home last night You'd been out with all the boys And you ended up half tight But liquor and love that just don't mix Leave a bottle or me behind  And don't come home a-drinkin' With lovin' on your mind  No, don't come home a drinkin' With lovin' on your mind Just stay out there on the town And see what you can find Cause if you want that kind of love Well you don't need none of mine So don't come home a drinkin' With lovin' on your mind  You never take me anywhere Because you're always gone Many a night I've laid awake And cried dear all alone And you come in a-kissin' on me It happens every time  So don't come home a-drinkin' With lovin' on your mind  No, don't come home a drinkin' With lovin' on your mind Just stay out there on the town And see what you can find Cause if you want that kind of love Well you don't need none of mine So don't come home a drinkin' With lovin' on your mind  No, don't come home a-drinkin' With lovin' on your mind|Country
lorettalynn|Everybody Wants to Go to Heaven|Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die  Once upon a time there lived a man And his name was Hezekiah He walked with God both day and night But he didn't wanna die  He cried, "Oh Lord, please let me live Death is close, I know" God smiled down on Hezekiah And gave him fifteen years to go  Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die Lord, I wanna go to Heaven But I don't wanna die  So I long for the day when I'll have new birth Still I love livin' here on Earth Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die  When Jesus lived here on this Earth He knew his father's plan He knew that he must give his life To save the soul of man  When Judas had betrayed him Her father heard him cry He was brave until his death But he didn't wanna die  Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die Lord, I wanna go to Heaven But I don't wanna die  So I long for the day when I'll have new birth Still I love livin' here on Earth Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die  Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die|Country
lorettalynn|Where No One Stands Alone|Once I stood in the night with my head bowed low In the darkness as black as the sea And my heart was afraid and I cried oh Lord don't hide your face from me Hold my hand all the way every hour every day from here to the great unknown Take my hand let me stand where no one stands alone <i>[ steel ]</i> Like a king I may live in a palace so tall with great riches to call my own But I don't know a thing in this whole wide world that's worse than being alone Hold my hand all the way...|Country
lorettalynn|When They Ring Those Golden Bells|There's a land beyond the river that we call the sweet forever And we only reach that shore by fate you see Yes I want to see my Jesus shake his hand and hear him greet us When they ring those golden bells for you and me Don't you hear the bells a ringing can't you hear the angels singing This glory hallelujah jubilee In that far off sweet forever just beyond the shining river When they ring those golden bells for you and me <i>[ ac.guitar + banjo ]</i> When our days have known the number when in death we'll sweetly slumber When the king commands the spirit to be free There'll be no more stormy weather we'll live peacefully together When they ring those golden bells for you and me Don't you hear the bells a ringing...|Country
lorettalynn|I Really Don't Want to Know|How many arms have held you and hated to let you go How many how many I wonder no I really don't want to know How many lips have kissed you and set your heart aglow How many how many I wonder but I really don't want to know So always make me wonder always make me guess And even if I ask you oh darling don't confess Just let it remain your secret cause darling I love you so No wonder no wonder I wonder no I really don't want to know No I really don't want to know|Country
lorettalynn|If I Could Hear My Mother Pray Again|How sweet and happy seem those days of which I dream When memory recalls them now and then And with what rapture sweet my weary heart would beat If I could hear my mother pray again If I could hear my mother pray again if I could hear her tender voice as then How glad I would be with who means so much to me If I could hear my mother pray again <i>[ ac.guitar ]</i> She used to pray that I on Jesus would rely and always walk the shining gospel way So trusting still his love I'll seek that home above For I shall meet my mother some glad day If I could hear my mother...|Country
lorettalynn|There Goes My Everything|I hear footsteps slowly walking as they gently walk across a lonely floor And a voice is softly saying darling this will be goodbye forever more There goes my reason for living there goes the one of my dreams There goes my only possesion there goes my everything  As my memory turns back the pages I can see the happy years we had before And the love that kept this old heart beating Has been shattered by the closing of a door There goes my reason for living...|Country
lorettalynn|Shoe Goes on the Other Foot Tonight|How long did you think you could go on hurtin' me And I'd be your fool and wait at home alone Well you go out and have your fun like you are free Tonight I'll have some pleasures of my own Cause a shoe goes on the other foot tonight We'll find out if two wrongs can make a right Tonight I'll push my heartaches out of sight Cause a shoe goes on the other foot tonight <i>[ steel - dobro ]</i> Each time you walk out the door you walk on me And you leave the door wide open for the blues You fly away from me like you are free You must think there's wings upon your shoes But a shoe goes on... Yes a shoe goes on the other foot tonight|Country
lorettalynn|Saint to a Sinner|You put a halo and wings around me now you say that I have gone bad But while you were busy with business and booze I lost the wings and the halo I had You say I went from a saint to a sinner but you can't blame me for it all You were the teacher I was just a beginner you don't know how it hurt me to fall <i>[ piano - steel ]</i> You didn't think that your angel could wander but I'm just like you flesh and blood While you had your drinkin' your buddies and business I guess I had too much time all alone You say I went...|Country
lorettalynn|Old Camp Meetin' Time|How I like the old time preachin' prayin' singin' shoutin' How I like the old time readin' of God's words How I like to hear that old time hallelujah glory How I like the old time worship of the Lord  Long ago when just a child at old camp meetin' time How my heart would beat with joy to hear the old bells chime Callin' all the saints of God onto the house of prayer Oh such prayin' singin' shoutin' for the Lord was there How I like the old time preachin'... <i>[ banjo ]</i> Preachin' in them good ole days was still the world acclaim Preachin' for the souls of men and not for wordly fame Under such old fashion preachin' sinners knelt and pray And the Lord would save them in that good ole fashion way How I like the old time preachin'...|Country
lorettalynn|I Can't Keep Away From You|By your side each minute's where I wanna be Can't get you off my mind and let it rest in peace So every step you make I wanna make it too oh I can't keep away from you Well I don't care where you are as long as you're with me You're every dream I dream you're every breath I breathe My shadow follows you loves everything you do why I can't keep away from you Oh I can't keep away from you I couldn't if I wanted to No matter how hard I try or what I do You've got my heart and soul that's why I need you so You're holding on to me I know I can't let go But all what I go through to prove my love is true oh I can't keep away from you <i>[ steel ]</i> Baby I can't keep away from you|Country
lorettalynn|When I Hear My Children Pray|(Someday I'll be strong enough to make that church bells ring And when my voice grows steady I can help the choir sing Somehow I can be usefull so put me to the test I know I can't do very much but Lord I'll do my best) Last night just at bed time I looked in upon my son And the picture I saw as I stood there was surely a blessed one Proudly I watched and listened to all he tried to say Cause it makes my heart just burst with pride when I hear my children pray And he said dear Lord I'm just a little boy and I don't know how to pray But so many of your people has slowly turned away Well maybe there's something I can do to help in your great plan I know I can't do very much but I'll do the best I can Couldn't I light the little candles or maybe sweep the pews I'll do anything dear Lord just as long as it's for you Why can I open up the doors or dust your sacred stand I know I can do something if you'll just hold my hand Yes proudly I stood and listened to all he tried to say And it makes my heart just burst with pride when I hear my children pray (I know I can't do very much but Lord I'll do my best)|Country
lorettalynn|Where I Learned to Pray|In our little one room country school it's where I learned to pray A church without a steeple that's where I learned to pray Every Sunday morning about the hour of ten The door would open to our school the preacher did walk in He'd smile and say good morning how everything today We'd bow our heads and close our eyes and then he'd say let's pray In our little one room country school it's where I learned to pray Our church that had no steeple is no longer there today From Monday until Friday at school we'd learn and play Then back at school on Sunday that's where I learned to pray <i>[ piano ]</i> Our clothes were clean but faded sometimes our feet were bare But no one noticed anything except the Lord was there We'd come from all directions searching for the way Harmonizes at school on Sunday that's where I learned to pray In our little one room...|Country
lorettalynn|I'd Rather Have Jesus|I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold I'd rather be his than have riches untold I'd rather have Jesus than houses or land I'd rather be led by his nail scarred hands  Than to be the queen of the best domain And be held in sin's dreads way I'd rather have Jesus than anything This world affords today  I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause I'd rather have Jesus then worldwide fame I'd rather be true to his holy name  Than to be the queen of the best domain And be held in sin's dreads way I'd rather have Jesus than anything This world affords today|Country
lorettalynn|Who Was That Stranger|He rode in with the sunset and turned the TV on We didn't talk through supper and I went to bed alone I was softly awakened by a touch of ecstasy Was I only dreamin' or did he make sweet love to me  Who was that stranger that rode through here last night? He slipped into our room when I turned out the light Who was that stranger with my ring on his hand? Whoever he was I hope he'll ride this way again  This morning over coffee, that look was in his eyes His touch was so familiar when he kissed me goodbye I watched him through the window and as he rode away He left me with a memory that I dream about all day, yeah  Who was that stranger that rode through here last night? He slipped into our room when I turned out the light Who was that stranger with my ring on his hand? Whoever he was I hope he'll ride this way again  I know that stranger that rode through here last night I bet you a dollar he'll be back home tonight|Country
lorettalynn|Your Used To Be|Today's another day wanting you won't fade way 'Cause you're the strongest memory I ever made Oh, I messed up my heart and tears, they're drowning me I can't get used to being your used-to-be  The doctor calls my condition terminal love Oh he says my emotions are all chained up Lord, <i>[?]</i> if I don't get free But I can't get used to being your used-to-be  Your leaving didn't make the feeling Oh you're easy to borrow, but too hard to keep You're out of reach, oh but you're still holding me I can't get used to being your used-to-be  Your love came like an angel, but your memory's like a thief What comes around at night stealing all my sleep Oh I'm holding to your picture and making believe That I'll soon get over being your used-to-be  That I'll soon get over being your used-to-be|Country
lorettalynn|Married Ladies|You ordered up another beer I didn't just want to get stoned 'Cause I could hear him bragging to his buddies How his little woman was sittin' at home He's slipping his ring off his finger Looking for a possible score But when he saw me His mouth dropped open and his beer fell to the floor  Well, if <i>[?]</i> woman <i>[?]</i> in the back He could see I was having a good old time Wearing some cowboy's hat And right then he pulled me aside And said, "Hey woman, what're you trying to do?" I said, "Don't worry, darling I wouldn't do nothin' you wouldn't do too"  You see, married ladies break the rules just like the married men If you think I'm waiting at home for you, honey, think again Married ladies play the games, the stakes are just as high So if you think that cheating's bad to do, honey so do I Honey, so do I  He was really mad all the way home I tell you he was burnin' my ears But we were going home together So my message had got through clear Since that night, he's a different man He never steps out of line I still let him do what he wants to do But he knows what to keep in mind  You see, married ladies break the rules just like the married men If you think I'm waiting at home for you, honey, think again Married ladies play the games, the stakes are just as high So if you think that cheating's bad to do, honey so do I Honey, so do I|Country
lorettalynn|I'm Living in Two Worlds|I'm living in two worlds dividing my time Unhappy in your world and lonesome in mine  When I'm in your world I just pretend that I'm really happy though I don't fit in Then I drift in my world so cold and alone I'm living in two worlds where do I belong I'm living in two worlds... <i>[ piano ]</i> Old friends in your world are new friends to me So I can't take part in your old memories Our love shared in two worlds that don't turn the same We both have our own worlds and neither can change I'm living in two worlds...|Country
lorettalynn|You're Gonna Catch Heaven When I Get You Home|The city is perfect, all the flowers are pretty You must have been reading my mind You made it to order, it's not just for me Right down to the taste of the wine  For no special reason, except that you love me You told me you would from now on And I tell you, honey, you're gonna catch heaven When I get you home  The band is playing our favorite song You must have asked them for me Oh and I feel so silly for being so happy As teardrops roll down my cheek  While the melody flows through my mind I find that my feelings are so strong And I tell you, honey, you're gonna catch heaven When I get you home  I tell you, honey, you're gonna catch heaven When I get you home|Country
lorettalynn|Get What'cha Got and Go|A pretty boy Charlie's the name that you've been a given And you act like the whole wide world all you were livin' You tell me you can get any girl you know You say it got what it takes to me you're just a heartache So get what'cha got and go You think you're the greatest thing in this whole town Oh number one but everyone no one can put you down Every night you go downtown where the go-gos go Oh well you think you're so hot and you tell me you're not So get what'cha got and go <i>[ steel ]</i> You better watch that sneaky smile right off of your face For I just might to knock it off and put it in your place Just like the wild wild wind all you do is blow Just say I'm holdin' you back but baby I'll have to pack So get what'cha got and go You think you're the greatest thing...|Country
lorettalynn|Making Plans|You say tomorrow you're going it's so hard for me to believe I'm making plans for the heartaches cause you're making plans to leave The tears for me will be falling like a tree that shedding its leaves I'm making plans for the teardrops cause you're making plans to leave You're making plans to forget me I'm making plans to miss you I'm getting ready to grieve I'm making plans to be lonesome cause you're making plans to leave <i>[ steel ]</i> Yes you're making plans to leave|Country
lorettalynn|I Got Caught|You're standin' there a sayin' I'm no good and I'm so ashamed I'd die if I could But you're no better than I am or have you given this one thought The only thing that's different I got caught Over night you left me all alone and the only arms close to me was my own And now you're blame on me but it's not all my fault The only thing that's different I got caught Yeah I got caught but honey you're a pro There's not a thing about cheatin' you don't know That same old line you sell is the same old line I bought The thing you've got away with I got caught <i>[ guitar - steel ]</i> Yeah I got caught... Yeah the thing you've got away with I got caught|Country
lorettalynn|Hey Loretta|Well goodbye tubs and clothes lines goodbye pots and pans I'm a gonna take a greyhound bus as further as I can I ain't a gonna wash no windows and I ain't a gonna scrub no floors And when you realize I'm gone I'm a gonna hear you roar And you'll say hey Loretta I love you more than my Irish Setter Hey Loretta don't leave me alone Hey Loretta I swear I'm a gonna treat you better Buy you brand new overalls if you'll only come back home  I work my fingers to the bone and we don't hardly speak And all I ever get is just a little kiss about once a week So you can feed the chickens and you can milk the cow This a woman's liberation honey is a gonna start right now And you'll say hey Loretta...  I'll dress up like a movie star and pretty up my hair And no one here is a gonna know what I'll be doing there I'll be swinging from a chandelier and bouncin' off the walls Instead of lovin' just one man I'm a gonna love 'em all And you'll say hey Loretta...|Country
lorettalynn|Coal Miner's Daughter|Well, I was born a coal miner's daughter In a cabin, on a hill in Butcher Holler We were poor but we had love, That's the one thing that daddy made sure of He'd shovel coal to make a poor man's dollar  My daddy worked all night in the Van Lear coal mines All day long in the field a hoin' corn Mommy rocked the babies at night And read the Bible by the coal oil light And ever' thing would start all over come break of morn  Daddy loved and raised eight kids on a miner's pay Mommy scrubbed our clothes on a washboard ever' day Why I've seen her fingers bleed To complain, there was no need She'd smile in mommy's understanding way  In the summertime we didn't have shoes to wear But in the wintertime we'd all get a brand new pair From a mail order catalog Money made from selling a hog Daddy always managed to get the money somewhere  Yeah, I'm proud to be a coal miner's daughter I remember well, the well where I drew water The work we done was hard At night we'd sleep 'cause we were tired I never thought of ever leaving Butcher Holler  Well a lot of things have changed since a way back then And it's so good to be back home again Not much left but the floor, nothing lives here anymore Except the memory of a coal miner's daughter|Country
lorettalynn|Let Your Love Flow|There's a reason for the sunshine sky There's a reason why I'm feeling so high Must be the season when that love light shines all around us So let that feeling grab you deep inside and send you reeling Where your love can't hide and then go stealing. Through the moonless nights with your lover  Just let your love flow like a mountain stream Let your love grow with the smallest of dreams And let your love show  And you'll know what I mean it's the season Yeah let your love fly like a bird on the wing And let your love bind you to all living things And let your love shine And you'll know what I mean that's the reason.  There's a reason for the warm sweet nights And there's a reason for the candle lights Must be the season when those love rites shine all around us So let the wonder take you into space And lay you under its loving embrace Let feel the thunder as it warms your face you can't hold back.  Just let your love flow like a mountain stream Let your love grow with the smallest of dreams And let your love show  And you'll know what I mean it's the season Yeah let your love fly like a bird on the wing And let your love bind you to all living things And let your love shine And you'll know what I mean that's the reason.  Just let your love flow like a mountain stream Let your love grow with the smallest of dreams And let your love show  And you'll know what I mean it's the season Yeah let your love fly like a bird on the wing And let your love bind you to all living things And let your love shine And you'll know what I mean that's the reason...|Country
lorettalynn|You're Lookin' at Country|Well I like my lovin' done country style and this little girl would walk a country mile To find her a good ole slow talkin' country boy I said a country boy I'm about as old fashioned as I can be and I hope you're likin' what you see Cause if you're lookin' at me you're lookin' at country  You don't see no city when you look at me cause country's all I am I love runnin' barefoot through the old cornfields and I love that country ham Well you say I'm made just to fit your plans But does a barnyard shovel fit your hands If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country  This here country is a little green and there's a lotta country that you ain't seen I'll show you around if you'll show me a weddin' band I said a weddin' band When it comes to love well I know about that country folks all know where it's at If you're lookin' at me you're lookin' at country  You don't see no city when you look at me cause country's all I am I love runnin' barefoot through the old cornfields and I love that country ham Well you say I'm made just to fit your plans But does a barnyard shovel fit your hands If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country  If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country|Country
lorettalynn|Mountain Climber|Everybody's gotta start somewhere Most want to start at the top When they fail, it ain't their fault it hurts Lord, it's that sudden stop I've got a lot of ambition and I love competition I give it all a try and I'll do it or die 'Cause I'm a mountain climber  Yea I'm a mountain climber The higher the mountain, the better I like it When I've got a dream, I go for it When the dream comes true, I'll know it A quitter is a loser and a winner never quits And I never stop till I get to the top 'Cause I'm a mountain climber  Well, I wake every morning And I'm rarin' to go at the bottom of a brand new hill I'm like a racehorse ready to run I just can't stand still I love to be in action I like the feel of satisfaction I'm not satisfied till I see the other side 'Cause I'm a mountain climber  Yea I'm a mountain climber The higher the mountain, the better I like it When I've got a dream, I go for it When the dream comes true, I'll know it A quitter is a loser and a winner never quits And I never stop till I get to the top 'Cause I'm a mountain climber  No, I never stop till I get to the top 'Cause I'm a mountain climber|Country
lorettalynn|Fly Away|Standing alone in a storm of life Without any way to turn Tears are falling down like rain From the lessons that I have learned  And I wish that I could fly away On the wings of a great golden bird To a place where there are no unhappy days And there are no unhappy words  Yes, I wish that I could fly away To a land beyond this pain And lay my dreams on a mountain top And wash my mind in the rain  Burned by the fire of an untrue love My heart is as cold as a stone And I know for sure that the road of life Is no place to travel alone  And I wish that I could fly away To a land beyond this pain And lay my dreams on a mountain top And wash my mind in the rain  Yes, I wish that I could fly away To a land beyond this pain And lay my dreams on a mountain top And wash my mind in the rain|Country
lorettalynn|Walk On Water|Superman used to fly when we were kids And in my mind, I'm the girl he did it for Oh, but now we're grown and we know the way it is No one waits for superheroes anymore  You, you make me want to walk on water And I believe I could do it for you You make me want to walk on water Oh I know you love me for the simple little things I do  It's a miracle, this love that we both share And God knows I'm thankful and that's enough And maybe it's <i>[?]</i> or a prayer But think we could move mountains with our love  You, you make me want to walk on water And I believe I could do it for you Baby you, you make me want to walk on water Oh I know you love me for the simple little things I do  Oh I know you love me for the simple little things I do|Country
lorettalynn|Elzie Banks|There's an old time preacher named Elzie Banks And he tells it like it is He said you can't be good, if you're a little bit bad 'Cause the devil knows you're his And when preach yourself fire and brimstone You can almost see the flames When he says you walk them golden streets Ten thousand angels sing  He'll break ice on the river In the middle of the wintertime And say, come on, sister, wade on in The water's mighty mighty fine He'd raise one hand toward the heaven And then he'd say, "Let's pray Come on, Lord, let's show this world We're gonna drown the old devil today"  And we'll say, come on children Let your little light shine on the mountain top We'll get a kick out of watching the devil Setting him stumbling blocks This world is the devil's playground And I hate to hear what the devil say He's the hardest worker in this world He works twenty-five hours a day  Preacher Elzie keep on a-preachin' He never let your people down I missed the old camp meeting time And dinner on the ground He's an old time gospel preacher And he preaches the gospel free The mountain people need him And they love him just like me  Lord, I wouldn't be caught dead Without my Jesus to hold on to If you don't know your Lord today Tomorrow, he won't know you Don't get me wrong, I believe in heaven I strongly believe in saving Are the TV preachers losing souls For the bank accounts they're saving?  And we'll say, come on children Let your little light shine on the mountain top We'll get a kick out of watching the devil Setting him stumbling blocks This world is the devil's playground And I hate to hear what the devil say He's the hardest worker in this world He works twenty-five hours a day|Country
lorettalynn|Still In The Ring|So I finally met the other woman and I see that what I heard is true You could hit a man right where his heart is you're a beauty and a fighter too Now you say you're gonna take him from me you'll win the title of his wife I can see you've done a lot of trainin' but you're in for the fight of your life  You may be quiet and knockout oh but don't you forget one thing You only won the first round his finger is still in the ring  So you slipped around and found his weakness and you knocked him down a time or two You moved in close and took advantage now you think that he'll move in with you Well tonight I'm lying in his corner and love is gonna changed some things You'll find out when the fight is over his finger is still in the ring  Oh you may be quiet and knockout oh but don't you forget one thing You only won the first round his finger is still in the ring You only won the first round his finger is still in the ring|Country
lorettalynn|Old Rugged Cross|On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross the emblem of suffering and shame And I love that old cross where the dearest and best For a world of lost sinners was slain So I'll cherish the old rugged cross till my trophies at last I lay down I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it some day for a crown <i>[ piano ]</i> Oh that old rugged cross so despised by the world is a wonderous attraction for me For the dear lamb of God left this glory above to bare it to dark calvary So I'll cherish the old rugged cross...|Country
lorettalynn|Peace in the Valley|Oh well I'm tired and so weary but I must go along Till my Lord comes and calls me calls me away oh yes Oh well the morning's so bright and the lamb is the light And the night night is as black as the sea oh yes There will be peace peace in the valley for me some day There will be peace in the valley for me oh Lord I pray There'll be no sadness no sorrow no troubles I'll see There will be peace peace in the valley for me <i>[ ac.guitar ]</i> Well the bear will be gentle and the wolf will be tame And the lion shall lay down down by the lamb oh yes And the beast from the wild will be lead by little child And I'll be changed changed from this creature that I am oh yes There will be peace...|Country
lorettalynn|Just a Closer Walk With Thee|I am weak but Thou art strong Jesus keep me from all wrong I'll be satisfied as long as I walk let me walk close to Thee Just a closer walk with Thee grant it Jesus is my plea Daily walking close to Thee let it be dear Lord let it be  When my feeble life is o'er time for me shall be no more Guide me gently safely o'er to Thy kingdom shores to Thy shores Just a closer walk...|Country
lorettalynn|Out of My Head and Back in My Bed|Lyin' alone in this big old bed I got you on my mind I said when you left I could make it by myself But it gets harder all the time And I can't take it no more I see your face Every time I close my eyes So I'm goin' out now And I'm lookin' for you Some winter night I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' sun comes up I can't stand another night Without holdin' me tight How I miss your lovin' touch I'm goin' searchin' Everywhere that a you might be When I find you I'm a bringin' you home with me I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' comes Well I might find somebody new To share my misery But no other man Can do what you can When it comes to lovin' me I don't want nobody to say that I was a fool For bein' cool I won't be satisfied till you're back in my arms And I'm lovin' you I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' sun comes up I can't stand another night Without you holdin' me tight How I miss your lovin' touch I'm goin' searchin' Everywhere that a you might be And when I find you I'm a bringin' you home with me I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' comes I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' sun comes up I can't stand another night Without you holdin me tight How I miss your lovin' touch I'm goin' searchin' Everywhere that a you might be  A when I find you I'm a bringin' you home with me I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' comes|Country
lorettalynn|You Ain't Woman Enough|You've come to tell me something you say I ought to know That he don't love me anymore and I'll have to let him go You say you're gonna take him, oh but I don't think you can 'Cause you ain't woman enough to take my man  Women like you, they're a dime a dozen, you can buy 'em anywhere For you to get to him I'd have to move over and I'm gonna stand right here It'll be over my dead body so get out while you can 'Cause you ain't woman enough to take my man  Sometimes a man starts lookin' at things that he don't need He took a second look at you but he's in love with me Well, I don't know where that leaves you, oh but I know where I'll stand And you ain't woman enough to take my man  Women like you, they're a dime a dozen, you can buy 'em anywhere For you to get to him I'd have to move over and I'm gonna stand right here It'll be over my dead body so get out while you can 'Cause you ain't woman enough to take my man No, you ain't woman enough to take my man|Country
lorettalynn|We've Come a Long Way Baby|Well, I'm a good ol' girl an' I would like to please every way I can. I've loved you an' I've always let you have the upper hand. How come you think you're so smart, an' I'm the weaker sex? There ain't a man alive can match a woman, trick for trick.  We've come a long way, baby. All the way to Hollywood from Arkansas. We've come a long way, baby. Second class don't turn me on at all.  Well, I don't wanna a wall to paint, but I'm a-gonna have my say. From now on, lover-boy, it's fifty-fifty, all the way. Up to now I've been an object made for pleasin' you. Times have changedaand I'm demanding satisfaction too.  We've come a long way, baby. All the way to Hollywood from Arkansas. We've come a long way, baby. Second class don't turn me on at all.  We've come a long way, baby. All the way to Hollywood from Arkansas. We've come a long way, baby. Second class don't turn me on at all.|Country
lorettalynn|I Fall to Pieces|I fall to pieces each time I see you again I fall to pieces how can I be just your friend You want me to act like we've never kissed You want me to forget pretend we've never met And I've tried Lord I've tried but I haven't yet you walk by and I fall to pieces You tell me to find someone else to love Someone who'll love me too the way you used to do But each time I go out with someone new you walk by and I fall to pieces You walk by and I fall to pieces|Country
lorettalynn|Back in Baby's Arms|I'm back in baby's arms how I've missed those lovin' arms I'm back where I belong back in baby's arms  Don't know why we quarrel we never did before Since we found out how it hurts I bet we never quarrel anymore I'm back in baby's arms... <i>[ guitar ]</i> Thought I didn't need his love till it took away Now I'm back where I belong in my baby's arms I'm gonna stay I'm back in baby's arms... Back in baby's arms back in baby's arms|Country
lorettalynn|They Don't Make em Like My Daddy|I wasn't much more than a baby, I thought he was a bear The way my daddy carried me around They said I learned to walk while holdin' on to just one finger On the hand of a man that stands six-foot-three  Not old enough to understand the meaning of depression Just something people talked about a lot My daddy wasn't one that tried to make no big impressions Just one heck of a man that worked for what he got  They don't make men like my daddy anymore Guess they've thrown away the pattern through the years In a great big land of freedom, at a time we really need 'em They don't make 'em like my daddy anymore  From the Johnson County Coal Camps to the hills of West Virginia My daddy worked down in them dark coal mines Education didn't count so much as what you had born in you Like the will to live and a dream of better times  Daddy never took a handout, we ate pinto beans and bacon But he worked to keep the wolf back from the door And it only proved one thing to me when folks start belly-achin' They don't make 'em like my daddy anymore  They don't make men like my daddy anymore Guess they've thrown away the pattern through the years In a great big land of freedom at a time we really need 'em They don't make 'em like my daddy anymore They don't make 'em like my daddy anymore|Country
lorettalynn|Your Squaw Is on the Warpath|Well your pet name for me is Squaw When you come home a drinkin' and can barely crawl And all that lovin' on me won't make things right Well you leave me at home to keep the teepee clean Six papooses to break and when wean Well your squaw is on the warpath tonight Well I've found out a big brave chief the game you're a huntin' for ain't beef Get off of my huntin' grounds and get out of my sight This war dance I'm doin' means I'm fightin' mad You need no more of what you've already had Your squaw is on the warpath tonight <i>[ guitar ]</i> Well that fire-water that you've been drinking Makes you feel bigger but chief you're shrinking Since you've been on that love making diet Now don't hand me that ole peace pipe there ain't no pipe can settle this fight Your squaw is on the warpath tonight Well I've found out a big brave chief... Yeah your squaw is on the warpath tonight|Country
lorettalynn|Coal Miners Daughter|Well, I was born a coal miner's daughter In a cabin, on a hill in Butcher Holler We were poor but we had love, That's the one thing that daddy made sure of He'd shovel coal to make a poor man's dollar  My daddy worked all night in the Van Lear coal mines All day long in the field a hoin' corn Mommy rocked the babies at night And read the Bible by the coal oil light And ever' thing would start all over come break of morn  Daddy loved and raised eight kids on a miner's pay Mommy scrubbed our clothes on a washboard ever' day Why I've seen her fingers bleed To complain, there was no need She'd smile in mommy's understanding way  In the summertime we didn't have shoes to wear But in the wintertime we'd all get a brand new pair From a mail order catalog Money made from selling a hog Daddy always managed to get the money somewhere  Yeah, I'm proud to be a coal miner's daughter I remember well, the well where I drew water The work we done was hard At night we'd sleep 'cause we were tired I never thought of ever leaving Butcher Holler  Well a lot of things have changed since a way back then And it's so good to be back home again Not much left but the floor, nothing lives here anymore Except the memory of a coal miner's daughter|Country
lorettalynn|Rated 'X'|Well if you've been a married woman and things didn't seem to work out Divorce is the key to bein' loose and free so you're gonna be talked about Everybody knows that you've loved once so they think you'll love again You can't have a male friend when you're a has been of a woman you're rated X  And if you're rated X you're some kind of gold even men turning silver try to make But I think it's wrong to judge half a picture if a cheap camera makes a mistake And when your best friend's husband says to you you've sure started lookin' good You should've known he would and he would if he could and he will if you're rated X  Well nobody knows where you're goin' but they sure know where you've been All they're thinkin' of is your experience of love their minds eat up with sin The women all look at you like you're bad and the men all hope you are But if you go too far you're gonna wear the scar of a woman rated X  And if you're rated X you're some kind of gold even men turning silver try to make But I think it's wrong to judge half a picture if a cheap camera makes a mistake And when your best friend's husband says to you you've sure started lookin' good You should've known he would and he would if he could and he will if you're rated X|Country
lorettalynn|Blue Eyed Kentucky Girl|You left me for the bright lights of the town A country boy set out to see the world Remember when those city lights shine down That big old moon shines on your Kentucky Girl  I swear I love you by the moon above you How bright is it shinin' in your world Some morning when you wake up all alone Just come on home to your Blue Kentucky Girl  Don't wait to bring great riches home to me I need no diamond rings or fancy pearls Just bring yourself, you're all I'll ever need That's good enough for this Blue Kentucky Girl  I swear I love you by stars above you How bright is it shinin' in your world Some morning when you wake up all alone Just come on home to your Blue Kentucky Girl|Country
lorettalynn|Spring Fever|Last night he took me in his arms, And held me tenderly. He said: "I don't know what's got into you, "But I'm lovin' what I see." I hid my shame and tried to say, The words I longed dreamed of. But instead of saying: "Set me free," I whispered: "I'm in love."  I said: "I guess it's Spring fever in the middle of Winter. "I hear bird singin', an' I feel the warm sunshine too. I said: "I guess it's Spring fever in the middle of Winter. "That makes the warm of glowing love," But I just couldn't tell him it was someone new.  I tried to make you understand, The reasons I can't go. You love is fresh and new, but his love's true, It's had time to grow. And even though he may no longer, Keep me satisfied. Don't you know he's still got Spring and Fall, And Summer on his side.  I said: "I guess it's Spring fever in the middle of Winter. "I hear bird singin', an' I feel the warm sunshine too. I said: "I guess it's Spring fever in the middle of Winter. "That makes the warm of glowing love," But I just couldn't tell him it was someone new.|Country
lorettalynn|When the Tingle Becomes a Chill|Sometimes at night while you're fast asleep I lie there alone in the darkness and weep So sorry and sad but that's part of the deal when the tingle becomes a chill I never wanted to stop loving you I'll swear by the breath in my body that's true Ah but a woman can't help the way that she feels when the tingle becomes a chill <i>[ steel - harmonica ]</i> You're so contented but for me it's all gone And though I pretend you just don't turn me on The body performs but the soul has no will when the tingle becomes a chill I never wanted to stop loving you...|Country
lorettalynn|Somebody Led Me Away|You'll come in with the sun in the morning Like you've done so often before But you won't find me asleep on the sofa Exhausted from walkin' the floor  So while you were leading somebody on My heart was slippin' away While you were leading somebody on Somebody led me away  And this time the note on your pillow Will go one line more than I'm through For the gilt down feeling this time over leavin' It's there it's so easy to do  So while you were leading somebody on My heart was slippin' away While you were leading somebody on Somebody led me away|Country
lorettalynn|It's Only Make Believe|People see us everywhere They all think we really care But myself I can't deceive I know it's only make believe.  My one and only prayer Is that some day you'll care My hopes my dreams come true My one and only you.  No one will ever know How much I love you so My only prayer will be some day you'll care for me But it's only make believe.  My hopes my dreams come true My life I give for you My heart or wedding ring My all my everything.  My heart I can't control You lure my very soul My only prayer will be some day you'll care for me But it's only make believe.  My one and only prayer Is that some day you'll care My hopes, my dreams come true My one and only you.  No one will ever know How much I love you so My plans, my hopes, my schemes You are my every dream But it's only make believe...|Country
lorettalynn|Snowbird|Beneath this snowy mantle cold and clean The unborn grass lies waiting for its coat to turn to green The snowbird sings the song he always sings And speaks to me of flowers that will bloom again in spring When I was young my heart was young then too Anything that it would tell me that's the thing that I would do But now I feel such emptiness within For the thing that I want most in life is the thing that I can't win Spread your tiny wings and fly away And take the snow back with you where it came from on that day The one I love forever is untrue And if I could you know that I would fly away with you <i>[ dobro ]</i> The breeze along the river seems to say That he'll only break my heart again should I decide to stay So little snowbird take it with you when you go To that land of gentle breezes where the peaceful waters flow Spread your tiny wings... And if I could you know that I would fly away with you|Country
lorettalynn|Rose Garden|I beg you pardon I never promised you a rose garden Along with the sunshine there's gotta be a little rain sometimes When you take you gotta give so live and let live or let go I beg you pardon I never promised you a rose garden  I could promise you things like big diamond rings But you don't find roses growin' on stalks of clover so you'd better think it over When it's sweet talking you could make it come true I would give you the world right now on a silver platter but what would it matter So smile for a while and let's be jolly love shouldn't be so melancholy Come along and share the good times while we can I beg you pardon I never promised you a rose garden <i>[ steel ]</i> I could sing you a tune and promise you the moon But if that's what it takes to hold you I'd just as soon let you go But there's one thing I want you to know You better look before you leap still water runs deep And there won't always be someone there to pull you out And you know what I'm talking about So smile for a while and let's be jolly... I beg you pardon I never promised you a rose garden|Country
lorettalynn|Help Me Make It Through the Night|Take the ribbon from your hair shake it loose and let it fall Layin' soft against my skin like the shadows on the wall Come and lay down by my side till the early morning light All I'm taking is your time help me make it through the night I don't care what's right or wrong I won't try to understand Let the devil take tomorrow Lord tonight I need a friend Yesterday is dead and gone and tomorrow's out of sight And it's sad to be alone help me make it through the night I don't want to be alone help me make it through the night Mhm mhm mhm mhm...|Country
lorettalynn|Another Man Loved Me Last Night|He doesn't know that I can't look him in the eyes Or that I can't speak or I'll start tellin' lies I hope he thinks that I'm just moody and quiet But another man loved me last night  Yes another man loved me last night I'd almost forgotten what love was really like But I'm only human only a woman I let another man love me last night  While he's sleepin' well I'm cryin' here awake Not bein' loved was more than I could take Though it was wrong there in his arms it seemed so right When another man loved me last night  Yes another man loved me last night I'd almost forgotten what love was really like But I'm only human only a woman I let another man love me last night|Country
lorettalynn|You're Lookin' At Country|Well I like my lovin' done country style and this little girl would walk a country mile To find her a good ole slow talkin' country boy I said a country boy I'm about as old fashioned as I can be and I hope you're likin' what you see Cause if you're lookin' at me you're lookin' at country  You don't see no city when you look at me cause country's all I am I love runnin' barefoot through the old cornfields and I love that country ham Well you say I'm made just to fit your plans But does a barnyard shovel fit your hands If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country  This here country is a little green and there's a lotta country that you ain't seen I'll show you around if you'll show me a weddin' band I said a weddin' band When it comes to love well I know about that country folks all know where it's at If you're lookin' at me you're lookin' at country  You don't see no city when you look at me cause country's all I am I love runnin' barefoot through the old cornfields and I love that country ham Well you say I'm made just to fit your plans But does a barnyard shovel fit your hands If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country  If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country|Country
lorettalynn|Hello Darlin'|Hello darlin' nice to see you it's been a long time You're just as handsome as you used to be How's your new love are you happy hope you're doin' fine Just to know it means so much to me What's that darlin' how'm I doing I'm doing all right Except I can't sleep and I cry all night till dawn What I'm trying to say is I love you and miss you And I'm so sorry that I did you wrong Look up darlin' let me kiss you just for old time sake Let me hold you in my arms one more time Thank you darlin' may God bless you and may each step you take Bring you closer to the things you seek to find Goodbye darlin' gotta go now gotta try to find a way To lose these mem'ries of a love so warm and true And if you should ever find it in your heart to forgive me Come back darlin' I'll be waiting for you|Country
lorettalynn|Never Ending Song of Love|I've got a never ending love for you from now on that's all I wanna do From the first time we met I knew I'd have a never ending love for you After all this time of being alone We can love one another feel for each other from now on Feel so good I can hardly stand it Never ending love for you from now on that's all I wanna do From the first time we met I knew I'd sing my never ending song of love for you  After all this time of being alone... I'd sing my never ending song of love for you|Country
lorettalynn|For the Good Times|Don't look so sad I know it's over But life goes on and this old world will keep on turning Let's just be glad we had some time to spend together There's no need to watch the bridges that were burning Lay your head upon my pillow hold your warm and loving body close to mine Hear the whisper of the raindrops blowing soft against the window And make believe you love me one more time for the good times  I'll get along you'll find another and I'll be here if you should find you ever need me Don't say a word about tomorrow or forever There'll be time enough for sadness when you leave me Lay your head upon my pillow...|Country
lorettalynn|Stand by Your Man|Sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man You'll have bad times and he'll have good times Doing things that you don't understand But if you love him you'll forgive him even though he's hard to understand And if you love him all be proud of him cause after all he's just a man Stand by your man give him two arms to cling to And something warm to come to when nights are cold and lonely Stand by your man and tell the world you love him Keep giving all the love you can stand by your man Stand by your man and show the world you love him Keep giving all the love you can stand by your man oh yeah|Country
lorettalynn|Get Some Loving Done|I gotta get up and get some loving done My life's so poor ain't been much fun I found myself a woman and I know she's the one And I gotta get up and get me some loving done.  I've been doin' without a good thing much too long But you taught me to sing a brand new song When I look at me I see a brand new different me Let's gonna get up and get some loving done.  Yeah I've gotta get up and get some loving done My life's so poor ain't been much fun I found myself a woman and I know she's the one And I gotta get up and get me some loving done.  Well, you know how to treat me like a woman And satisfy my needs 'cause you're all man When I look at you I see it all belongs to me So I'm gonna get up and get some loving done.  Get up and get some loving done Our life's a gonna be a life more fun Yeah, I found myself a good man And he sure do turn me on.  We're gonna get up and get some loving done. Get up and get some loving done...|Country
lorettalynn|She's Got You|I've got your picture that you gave to me And it's signed With Love just like it used to be The only thing different the only thing new I've got your picture she's got you I've got the records that we used to share And they still sound the same as when you were here The only thing different the only thing new I've got the records she's got you I've got your memory or has it got me I really don't know But I know it won't let me be I've got your class ring that proved you'd care And it still looks the same as when you gave it dear The only thing different the only thing new I've got these little things she's got you I've got your memory...|Country
lorettalynn|Walking After Midnight|I go out walking after midnight out in the moonlight just like we used to do I'm always walking after midnight searching for you I walk for miles along the highway Well that's just my way of saying I love you I'm always walking after midnight searching for you I stop to see a weeping willow crying on his pillow maybe he's crying for me And as the skies turn gloomy night winds whisper to me I'm lonesome as I can be I go out walking after midnight out in the starlight just hoping you may be Somewhere a walking after midnight searching for me I stop to see a weeping willow...|Country
lorettalynn|Put It Off Until Tomorrow|Put it off until tomorrow oh oh you've hurt me enough today You say our love is over that you have found another You say you're goin' away but leave me tomorrow oh oh you've hurt me enough today You've hurt me enough today I can't believe the words you say I must accept the fact you won't be coming back So stay just one more day loneliness isn't far away Put it off until tomorrow oh oh you've hurt me enough today  Put it off until tomorrow oh oh you've hurt me enough today|Country
lorettalynn|Why Can't He Be You|He takes me to the places you and I used to go He tells me over and over that he loves me so He gives me love that I never got from you He loves me too his love is true why can't he be you He never fails to call and tell me I'm on his mind And I'm lucky to have such a guy I hear it all the time And he does all the things that you would never do He loves me too his love is true why can't he be you No he's not the one who dominates my mind and soul And I should love him so cause he loves me I know But his kisses leave me cold He sends me flowers calls on the hour just to prove his love And my friends say when he's around I'm all he speaks of And he does all the things that you would never do He loves me too his love is true why can't he be you|Country
lorettalynn|These Boots Are Made for Walkin'|You keep a sayin' you got something for me something you call love but confess yes You've been a messin' where you shouldn't been a messin' And now someone else is a gettin' all your best These boots are made for walkin' and that's just what they'll do One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you  You keep lyin' when you ought to be true then And you keep loosin' when you ought enough bad You keep a samin' when you oughta be a changin' The what's right is right and you ain't been right yet These boots are made for walkin'...  You keep a playin' where you shouldn't be playin' And you keep a thinkin' that you'll never get burned I've just found me a brand new box of matches yeah And what he knows you ain't that time to learn These boots are made for walkin'... Come on boots let's walk all over|Country
lorettalynn|God Gave Me a Heart to Forgive|It's midnight now and I'm still all alone It's always late each night when you come home I stay and take each heartache that you give cause God gave me a heart to forgive Yes I could call these tears my closest friends They stay with me till you come home again You brought me every mis'ry that there is but God gave me a heart to forgive You hurt me as much as you can Then you tell me that you're just weak like any other man Still you're the only reason that I live and God gave me a heart to forgive  You hurt me as much as you can...|Country
lorettalynn|Keep Your Change|You need a change of scenery that's all I ever heard And when you left and you said goodbye I never said a word You're back but I don't want you back to you that might seem strange But I ain't find what she bought so honey keep your change Yeah honey keep your change and the trouble that she brings You've worked real hard for what you got so honey keep your change  What happened to the scenery that look so good to you Did you get hard of the change you made or did she get hard of you You're like a travelin' salesman and I hear they're all the same So travel right on back to her yeah honey keep your change Yeah honey keep your change... Yeah honey keep your change... Yeah honey keep your change yeah honey keep your change|Country
lorettalynn|Faded Love|As I look at the letters that you wrote to me it's you that I am thinking of As I read the lines that to me were so dear I remember our faded love I miss you darling more and more every day As heaven would miss the stars above And with every heartbeat I still think of you and remember our faded love  As I think of the past and all the pleasures we've had As I watch the mating of the dove It was in the springtime that you said goodbye I remember our faded love I miss you darling...|Country
lorettalynn|Someone Before Me|Someone before me still turns you inside out When we're together she's all you talk about You're always wanting me to do the things she used to do Someone before me sure left her mark on you I've tried to get inside your heart but I don't have a chance Now I can see she's on your mind with every little glance You're living on old mem'ries my love can't get through to you Someone before me sure left her mark on you  I've tried to get inside your heart...|Country
lorettalynn|The Darkest Day|Oh why don't that ole sun shine bright Today's the darkest day of my life  Darlin' when you told me you were leavin' I thought that you were only foolin' me But here I am to face old blue tomorrow With a broken heart that's filled with misery  It seems that my world is to an end Just dreamin' of things that could have been Oh why don't that ole sun shine bright Today's the darkest day of my life  Oh how I wished that ole sayin' is true It's always darkest just before dawn And only God in heaven knows my heart is achin' And only you can keep this heart of mine from breakin'  It seems that my world is to an end Just dreamin' of things that could have been Oh why don't that ole sun shine bright Today's the darkest day of my life|Country
lorettalynn|Tippy Toeing|Well mama go a tippy tippy toein' through the house Gotta see what's the matter with the baby It's been a bawlin' and a squallin' and a kickin' on the wall Well I guess it's dropped its little bottle maybe Oh daddy come a runnin' with the water and a rag Gonna need another little diaper maybe No need a hesitatin' or a wonderin' and a waitin' I know what's the matter with baby Oh mama rock a baby daddy rock a baby too It's a yawnin' and a gettin' sleepy maybe So mama keep a rockin' daddy rock a little too and at last it's a sleepin' little baby  Well mama tippy toein' daddy tippy toein' too gonna try to do a little sleepin' maybe Whether it'll be a minute or an hour or two is depending entirely on the baby Well I hear the clock a ringin' just a dongin' and a dingin' Daddy go and make a little money maybe Mama sleep a little longer but remember while he's gone Won't you please take care of the baby Oh mama rock a baby... And at last it's a sleepin' little baby after all it's a sleepin' little baby After all it's a sleepin' little baby after all it's a sleepin' little baby|Country
lorettalynn|Crazy|Crazy crazy for feeling so lonely I'm crazy crazy for feeling so blue I knew you'd love me as long as you wanted And then some day you'd leave me for somebody new Worry why do I let myself worry wondering what in the world did I do Oh crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for trying and crazy for crying and I'm crazy for loving you Crazy for thinking...|Country
lorettalynn|Sweet Dreams|Sweet dreams of you every night I go through Why can't I forget you and start my life anew Instead of having sweet dreams about you You don't love me it's plain I should know I'll never wear your ring I should hate you the whole night through instead of having sweet dreams about you Sweet dreams of you things I know can't come true Why can't I forget the past start loving someone new Instead of having sweet dreams about you|Country
lorettalynn|Talking to the Wall|Oh I might as well be talking to the wall I've known so long with me you've been unsatisfied So I finally found the strenght to say goodbye Why already I forgot a million memories and leaving you was easy as could be But I might as well be talking to the wall when I tell myself I'm not missin' you at all Cause every time you come around I fall and I might as well be talking to the wall  It seems there's not a day that some friends of mine Don't bring back the mem'ries I'll recall But I smile and say you know it's been a long long time And I hardly remember him at all But I might as well be... Yes I might as well be talking to the wall|Country
lorettalynn|Leavin' on Your Mind|If you've got leavin' on your mind tell me now get it over Hurt me now get it over if you've got leavin' on your mind If there's a new love in your heart tell me now get it over Hurt me now get it over in there's a new love in your heart  Don't leave me here in a world filled with dreams that might have been Hurt me now get it over I may learn to love again If there's a new love in your heart... Hurt me now get it over in there's a new love in your heart|Country
lorettalynn|It's Another World|It's another world when I'm with you Roses everywhere blue skies up above everybody is in love It's another world when I'm with you and that's where I wanna be Never a day goes by when I'm blue there's no tears in my eyes when I'm with you It's another world when I'm with you Nights are made for love days are never long nothing nothing can go wrong It's another world when I'm with you and that's where I wanna be  Never a day goes by when I'm blue there's no tears in my eyes when I'm with you It's another world when I'm with you And it's here right now let me hold you close love you know just grows and grows It's another world when I'm with you and that's where I wanna be|Country
lorettalynn|I Fall To Pieces|I fall to pieces each time I see you again I fall to pieces how can I be just your friend You want me to act like we've never kissed You want me to forget pretend we've never met And I've tried Lord I've tried but I haven't yet you walk by and I fall to pieces You tell me to find someone else to love Someone who'll love me too the way you used to do But each time I go out with someone new you walk by and I fall to pieces You walk by and I fall to pieces|Country
lorettalynn|Back In Baby's Arms|I'm back in baby's arms how I've missed those lovin' arms I'm back where I belong back in baby's arms  Don't know why we quarrel we never did before Since we found out how it hurts I bet we never quarrel anymore I'm back in baby's arms... <i>[ guitar ]</i> Thought I didn't need his love till it took away Now I'm back where I belong in my baby's arms I'm gonna stay I'm back in baby's arms... Back in baby's arms back in baby's arms|Country
lorettalynn|Leavin' On Your Mind|If you've got leavin' on your mind tell me now get it over Hurt me now get it over if you've got leavin' on your mind If there's a new love in your heart tell me now get it over Hurt me now get it over in there's a new love in your heart  Don't leave me here in a world filled with dreams that might have been Hurt me now get it over I may learn to love again If there's a new love in your heart... Hurt me now get it over in there's a new love in your heart|Country
lorettalynn|Will You Be There|When the time comes and I need someone to hold me When the time comes and I need someone to care If I'm ever down and out and need somebody If I ever call on you will you be there  Self-relyin' is the work I use for me Independence is the thing I've got to be Self-substantivein' doesn't mean that I don't care If I ever call on you will you be there  Ah if my dreams and schemes should ever tell me And my life is empty when I've lost it all If I'm ever down and out and need somebody oh yeah If I ever call on you will you be there  If I ever call on you will you be there...|Country
lorettalynn|It's Time to Pay the Fiddler|Well it's time to pay the fiddler and it's sad to know we've danced it all away But the one night's disappearing leaving nothin' but the cold hard light of day And it's time to start erasin' all the rainbows we've been chasing in our minds We know there's no way of making other ties on us unravel and unwind Yes it's time to pay the fiddler and today's the day the thirsty someones do For the rest of all my days I wonder why the maker mismatched me and you But there's so much to consider like my man and little baby Will need and want my love just like you do Now it's time to pay the fiddler but before we pay the fiddler Let's say to him please play one last final tune <i>[ fiddle ]</i> Well it's time to pay the fiddler now there's naked sorrow drippin' from my eyes On'ry stranded and unshamed we've loved each other now we've got to leave it lie But I can feel my hands a trembling and I search to find a handle on the door So let's let the fiddler pull his magic bow across our heart strings just once more Yes it's time to pay the fiddler...|Country
lorettalynn|Paper Roses|Paper roses paper roses <i>[ steel ]</i> I realize the way your eyes deceived me with tender looks that I mistook for love So take away the flowers that you gave me and send the kind that you remind me of Paper roses paper roses oh how real those roses seem to be But they're only imitation like your imitation love for me <i>[ steel ]</i> I thought that you would be a perfect lover You seemed so full of sweetness at the start But like the big red rose that's made of paper Ah there isn't any sweetness in your heart Paper roses paper roses... Like your imitation love for me|Country
lorettalynn|You Love Everybody but You|God was right giving you the gift of love Yes you've used your gift of love so willingly God was good giving you the hands to help You've done well and I know he must be pleaded I know you're lonely I don't know what I can do I know you're unhappy you love everybody but you  God was wise giving you a warming smile You have warmed so many hearts unselfishly God was great giving you the settling touch God is great God is good endlessly I know you're lonely... You love everybody but you|Country
lorettalynn|Mad Mrs. Jesse Brown|I've been in and out of every honky tonk in town And I'm almost drunk from the drinks That I've turned down Well, you told me you'd be happy Bouncin' babies on your knee While I sit at home alone And I've been bouncin three Yeah, and I'm tired of it too  I'm gonna call myself a long pick limousine Yeah, believe it or not it's the prettiest thing I think I've ever seen There's a big bar in the corner, and a TV on the side This baby's 60 feet long and 40 feet wide  Hey driver pull this car, buddy, right inside the bar Take it on back to the big ol' blonde That thinks she's amovie star I'm gonna grab her by her phony ponytail  I'm gonna sling her around and around When she wakes up she'll know she met up With Mad Mrs. Leroy Brown  Well the smokes so dog gone thick You could cut it with a knife And the music so loud You can hear the same line twice Hey Leroy Brown, how do you like my big old pink limo I just drawed all your money outta the bank today Honey, you don't have no mo'  I'm gonna call myself a long pick limousine Yeah, believe it or not it's the prettiest thing I think I've ever seen There's a big bar in the corner, and a TV on the side This baby's 60 feet long and 40 feet wide|Country
lorettalynn|Back to the Country|Apple blossoms in the air rabbit hunters everywhere It's back to the country life for me Blue skies and butterflies I smell mama's applepies It's back to the country life for me Well I'm not meant for city life I'd never make the city wife I've gotta yearn for milkin' cows bacon bread and slop and souse Flies a buzzin' everywhere bailin' hay or rockin' chair Suppur's on I'm almost there it's back to the country life for me <i>[ fiddle + harmonica ]</i> Shady lanes and pinto beans skinny dippin' in the stream It's back to the country life for me I'm gonna find me a country boy we'll raise kids ten or more It's back to the country life for me Well I'm not meant for city life... It's back to the country life for me|Country
lorettalynn|Everybody Wants to Go to Heaven|Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die  Once upon a time there lived a man And his name was Hezekiah He walked with God both day and night But he didn't wanna die  He cried, "Oh Lord, please let me live Death is close, I know" God smiled down on Hezekiah And gave him fifteen years to go  Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die Lord, I wanna go to Heaven But I don't wanna die  So I long for the day when I'll have new birth Still I love livin' here on Earth Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die  When Jesus lived here on this Earth He knew his father's plan He knew that he must give his life To save the soul of man  When Judas had betrayed him Her father heard him cry He was brave until his death But he didn't wanna die  Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die Lord, I wanna go to Heaven But I don't wanna die  So I long for the day when I'll have new birth Still I love livin' here on Earth Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die  Everybody wants to go to Heaven But nobody wants to die|Country
lorettalynn|The Hands of Yesterday|I won't get too close to you cause I remember What you said that day our love came to an end You told me when you left if by chance we ever met That you didn't want me touching you again  What you've said back it has never been forgotten Like my love for you that moment seemed to last Seeing you again God knows that I'd like to hold you close But you want no part of your old lonesome past  You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday You don't want them touching you in any way Mine is one caress that you'd just as soon forget You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday  If I said that seeing you didn't nothing to me I'd be telling you a lie cause that's not true I would like to kiss your lips touch you with my fingertips But I keep my distance like you asked me to  You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday You don't want them touching you in any way Mine is one caress that you'd just as soon forget You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday  You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday You don't want them touching you in any way Mine is one caress that you'd just as soon forget You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday|Country
lorettalynn|Where No One Stands Alone|Once I stood in the night with my head bowed low In the darkness as black as the sea And my heart was afraid and I cried oh Lord don't hide your face from me Hold my hand all the way every hour every day from here to the great unknown Take my hand let me stand where no one stands alone <i>[ steel ]</i> Like a king I may live in a palace so tall with great riches to call my own But I don't know a thing in this whole wide world that's worse than being alone Hold my hand all the way...|Country
lorettalynn|When They Ring Those Golden Bells|There's a land beyond the river that we call the sweet forever And we only reach that shore by fate you see Yes I want to see my Jesus shake his hand and hear him greet us When they ring those golden bells for you and me Don't you hear the bells a ringing can't you hear the angels singing This glory hallelujah jubilee In that far off sweet forever just beyond the shining river When they ring those golden bells for you and me <i>[ ac.guitar + banjo ]</i> When our days have known the number when in death we'll sweetly slumber When the king commands the spirit to be free There'll be no more stormy weather we'll live peacefully together When they ring those golden bells for you and me Don't you hear the bells a ringing...|Country
lorettalynn|I Can Help|If you've got a problem I don't care what it is If you need a hand I can assure you of this I can help I've got two loving arms I can help It would sure do me good to do you good I can help It's a fact that people get lonely ain't nothing new But a man like you baby should never have the blues I can help I've got two for me I can help It would sure do me good to do you good let me help Oh when I go to sleep at night you're always a part of my dreams Holdin' me tight and tellin' me everything I wanna hear Oh don't forget me baby all you gotta do is call You know that I love you you if I can do anything at all Let me help if your child needs a mama I can help Oh it would sure do me good to do you good let me help <i>[ steel ]</i> Oh when I go to sleep at night... Oh it would sure do me good to do you good let me help|Country
lorettalynn|If I Could Hear My Mother Pray Again|How sweet and happy seem those days of which I dream When memory recalls them now and then And with what rapture sweet my weary heart would beat If I could hear my mother pray again If I could hear my mother pray again if I could hear her tender voice as then How glad I would be with who means so much to me If I could hear my mother pray again <i>[ ac.guitar ]</i> She used to pray that I on Jesus would rely and always walk the shining gospel way So trusting still his love I'll seek that home above For I shall meet my mother some glad day If I could hear my mother...|Country
lorettalynn|Another You|His eyes may be a deeper blue but they remind me so much of you He may even comb his hair a little different And when he's walkin' by my side and tells me his love will never die Then it's plain to see I found me another you I never wanted it this way but there's one thing I can say He's givin' all the love I wanted you to When we're alone each night and day he speaks the same words you once say Oh can it really be I found me another you He looks like you he talks like you and when he whispers my name It sounds so much like you're talkin' I feel you're holdin' me again There's a feeling with him I found that makes your mem'ry stay around Yes it just might be I found me another you Oh yes it just might be I found me another you|Country
lorettalynn|Jimmy on My Mind|Now I'm lying here with Jimmy on my mind And next to me my soon to be the one I left behind And Lord it's killin' me to seek him cryin' You know I'm lying here beside him with Jimmy on my mind  Yes I know that I once loved him and I place no one up above him And I never thought I'd ever set him free But it just wasn't in my plans the way Jimmy squeezed my hand The first time that he held me close as he danced with me He said I've loved you for a long time but you're married to a friend of mine And I try hard to never let it show But my love for you is stronger I can't hide it any longer And so I thought I'd better let you know Now I'm lying here with Jimmy...|Country
lorettalynn|We've Closed Our Eyes to Shame|We both agree we shouldn't be so much in love this way Although it's wrong we go along just lovin' more each day We act so proud out in the crowd while another wears my name We've opened up our hearts to love and closed our eyes to shame We've opened up a patience we can't fight And closed our eyes to everything that's right She won't agree to set me free still we get all the blame We've opened up our hearts to love and closed our eyes to shame  We've opened up a patience we can't fight And closed our eyes to everything that's right We're victims of forbidden love we play a losin' game We've opened up our hearts to love and closed our eyes to shame|Country
lorettalynn|How Great Thou Art|Oh Lord my God when I in all some wonder Considered all the worlds Thy hands have made I see the stars I hear the roaring thunder Thy art throughout the universe displayed Then sings my soul Thy save dear God to Thee How great Thou art how great Thou art Then sings my soul... <i>[ ac.guitar ]</i> When Christ shall come with shouts of acclamation To take me home what joy shall fill my heart Then I shall bow in humble adoration and there proclaim my God how great Thou art Then sings my soul...|Country
lorettalynn|Old Camp Meetin' Time|How I like the old time preachin' prayin' singin' shoutin' How I like the old time readin' of God's words How I like to hear that old time hallelujah glory How I like the old time worship of the Lord  Long ago when just a child at old camp meetin' time How my heart would beat with joy to hear the old bells chime Callin' all the saints of God onto the house of prayer Oh such prayin' singin' shoutin' for the Lord was there How I like the old time preachin'... <i>[ banjo ]</i> Preachin' in them good ole days was still the world acclaim Preachin' for the souls of men and not for wordly fame Under such old fashion preachin' sinners knelt and pray And the Lord would save them in that good ole fashion way How I like the old time preachin'...|Country
lorettalynn|When I Hear My Children Pray|(Someday I'll be strong enough to make that church bells ring And when my voice grows steady I can help the choir sing Somehow I can be usefull so put me to the test I know I can't do very much but Lord I'll do my best) Last night just at bed time I looked in upon my son And the picture I saw as I stood there was surely a blessed one Proudly I watched and listened to all he tried to say Cause it makes my heart just burst with pride when I hear my children pray And he said dear Lord I'm just a little boy and I don't know how to pray But so many of your people has slowly turned away Well maybe there's something I can do to help in your great plan I know I can't do very much but I'll do the best I can Couldn't I light the little candles or maybe sweep the pews I'll do anything dear Lord just as long as it's for you Why can I open up the doors or dust your sacred stand I know I can do something if you'll just hold my hand Yes proudly I stood and listened to all he tried to say And it makes my heart just burst with pride when I hear my children pray (I know I can't do very much but Lord I'll do my best)|Country
lorettalynn|I'm So Used to Loving You|I'm so used to loving you sweetheart you're on my mind each minute we're apart And I love you more each day that we go through You're my life and I'll live it loving you.  I'm so used to loving you it seems I can't stand the thought of losing you not even in my dream Hold me close and tell me what I'd do without you I couldn't take it I'm so used to loving you.  I'm so used to the little things you say Like Hello darlin', did you have a busy day And the way you hold me close when day is through Yes, you're my love and I'll love it, loving you.  I'm so used to loving you it seems I can't stand the thought of losing you not even in my dream Hold me close and tell me what I'd do without you I couldn't take it I'm so used to loving you...|Country
lorettalynn|Will You Visit Me on Sunday|Just outside these prison bars a hanging tree is waiting At sunrise I'll meet darkness and death will say hello Darling touch your lips to mine and tell me that you love me And hold me close once more before I go Will you visit me on Sunday will you bring me pretty flowers Will your big blue eyes be misty will you brush away a tear A grave is filled with silence but if a sleeping man could hear Darling you'd hear my footsteps up here  I promise you that time won't seperate you from my mem'ry That I'll remember you until the days of silver hair If not for you I know I'd lose my mind before the morning Hold me close and tell me that you care Will you visit me on Sunday... Yes I'll you visit you on Sunday and I'll bring you pretty flowers|Country
lorettalynn|Where I Learned to Pray|In our little one room country school it's where I learned to pray A church without a steeple that's where I learned to pray Every Sunday morning about the hour of ten The door would open to our school the preacher did walk in He'd smile and say good morning how everything today We'd bow our heads and close our eyes and then he'd say let's pray In our little one room country school it's where I learned to pray Our church that had no steeple is no longer there today From Monday until Friday at school we'd learn and play Then back at school on Sunday that's where I learned to pray <i>[ piano ]</i> Our clothes were clean but faded sometimes our feet were bare But no one noticed anything except the Lord was there We'd come from all directions searching for the way Harmonizes at school on Sunday that's where I learned to pray In our little one room...|Country
lorettalynn|After the Fire Is Gone|Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone  The bottle is almost empty The clock just now struck ten Darlin' I had to call you To our favorite place again  We know it's wrong for us to meet But the fire's gone out at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone  Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone  Your lips are warm and tender Your arms hold me just right Sweet words of love you remember That the one at home forgot  Each time we say is the last time But we keep hangin' on And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone  Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone|Country
lorettalynn|Don't Tell Me You're Sorry|I'm sorry honey, that you walked in And caught her in my lap But it's not what you're thinking So think before you slap.  I suppose you're weighin' that little blonde That walked here in this bar Ah, don't tell me you're sorry  'Cause I know how sorry you are.  I'm sorry that you think I'm drunk I ain't had a drink today Would you believe I held her Just to see how much she'd weighed.  That cheatin' look that's on your face Is lit up like a star So don't tell me you're sorry 'Cause I know how sorry you are.  Don't tell me you're sorry But I'm as sorry as I can be Well, you'd better move fast and don't give me no sass 'Cause you belong to me.  Now honey, we ain't done nothing wrong But I'm sorry it's gone this far But don't tell me you're sorry 'Cause I know how sorry you are.  Don't tell me you're sorry But I'm as sorry as I can be Well, you'd better move fast and don't give me no sass 'Cause you belong to me.  Now honey, we ain't done nothing wrong But I'm sorry it's gone this far But don't tell me you're sorry 'Cause I know how sorry you are.  Now wait a minute, Loretta You know how sorry I am Conway, you better believe  I know how sorry you are...|Country
lorettalynn|I'd Rather Have Jesus|I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold I'd rather be his than have riches untold I'd rather have Jesus than houses or land I'd rather be led by his nail scarred hands  Than to be the queen of the best domain And be held in sin's dreads way I'd rather have Jesus than anything This world affords today  I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause I'd rather have Jesus then worldwide fame I'd rather be true to his holy name  Than to be the queen of the best domain And be held in sin's dreads way I'd rather have Jesus than anything This world affords today|Country
lorettalynn|Pickin' Wild Mountain Berries|Where you been, where you been. It's the same ole question again What's the use baby, what's the use  They ain't never gonna turn us loose.  You got dirt all over your face  And your lipstick is way out of place Oh, we gonna tell 'em  What we tell 'em every time before.  They won't leave us alone  They want us to come home We been busy makin' merries  And pickin' wild mountain berries.  We're pickin' wild mountain berries  That's our excuse every time We've been busy makin' merries  And pickin' wild mountain berries.  Conway, I don't know. Loretta, I don't know  If I can keep honey, from lettin' it show What's our plan, tell me what's our plan  Now you know they won't understand.  If my hair is a drippin' wet  And my clothes are soakin' wet And we didn't go skinny dippin'  In a cement pond.  You're my baby, you're my man, And though your hair is sure gettin' to be a mess And there ain't no berries in your bucket  Now we'll explain it honey, as best as we can.  They won't leave us alone  They want us to come home We been a busy makin' merries  And pickin' wild mountain berries.  We're pickin' wild mountain berries That's our excuse everytime We been a busy makin' merries  And pickin' wild mountain berries...|Country
lorettalynn|Who Was That Stranger|He rode in with the sunset and turned the TV on We didn't talk through supper and I went to bed alone I was softly awakened by a touch of ecstasy Was I only dreamin' or did he make sweet love to me  Who was that stranger that rode through here last night? He slipped into our room when I turned out the light Who was that stranger with my ring on his hand? Whoever he was I hope he'll ride this way again  This morning over coffee, that look was in his eyes His touch was so familiar when he kissed me goodbye I watched him through the window and as he rode away He left me with a memory that I dream about all day, yeah  Who was that stranger that rode through here last night? He slipped into our room when I turned out the light Who was that stranger with my ring on his hand? Whoever he was I hope he'll ride this way again  I know that stranger that rode through here last night I bet you a dollar he'll be back home tonight|Country
lorettalynn|Your Used To Be|Today's another day wanting you won't fade way 'Cause you're the strongest memory I ever made Oh, I messed up my heart and tears, they're drowning me I can't get used to being your used-to-be  The doctor calls my condition terminal love Oh he says my emotions are all chained up Lord, <i>[?]</i> if I don't get free But I can't get used to being your used-to-be  Your leaving didn't make the feeling Oh you're easy to borrow, but too hard to keep You're out of reach, oh but you're still holding me I can't get used to being your used-to-be  Your love came like an angel, but your memory's like a thief What comes around at night stealing all my sleep Oh I'm holding to your picture and making believe That I'll soon get over being your used-to-be  That I'll soon get over being your used-to-be|Country
lorettalynn|Married Ladies|You ordered up another beer I didn't just want to get stoned 'Cause I could hear him bragging to his buddies How his little woman was sittin' at home He's slipping his ring off his finger Looking for a possible score But when he saw me His mouth dropped open and his beer fell to the floor  Well, if <i>[?]</i> woman <i>[?]</i> in the back He could see I was having a good old time Wearing some cowboy's hat And right then he pulled me aside And said, "Hey woman, what're you trying to do?" I said, "Don't worry, darling I wouldn't do nothin' you wouldn't do too"  You see, married ladies break the rules just like the married men If you think I'm waiting at home for you, honey, think again Married ladies play the games, the stakes are just as high So if you think that cheating's bad to do, honey so do I Honey, so do I  He was really mad all the way home I tell you he was burnin' my ears But we were going home together So my message had got through clear Since that night, he's a different man He never steps out of line I still let him do what he wants to do But he knows what to keep in mind  You see, married ladies break the rules just like the married men If you think I'm waiting at home for you, honey, think again Married ladies play the games, the stakes are just as high So if you think that cheating's bad to do, honey so do I Honey, so do I|Country
lorettalynn|You're Gonna Catch Heaven When I Get You Home|The city is perfect, all the flowers are pretty You must have been reading my mind You made it to order, it's not just for me Right down to the taste of the wine  For no special reason, except that you love me You told me you would from now on And I tell you, honey, you're gonna catch heaven When I get you home  The band is playing our favorite song You must have asked them for me Oh and I feel so silly for being so happy As teardrops roll down my cheek  While the melody flows through my mind I find that my feelings are so strong And I tell you, honey, you're gonna catch heaven When I get you home  I tell you, honey, you're gonna catch heaven When I get you home|Country
lorettalynn|Take Me|Take me to your darkest room close every window and bolt every door The very moment I hear your voice I'll be in darkness no more Take me to your most barren desert a thousand miles from the nearest sea The very moment I saw your smile it would be like heaven to me  There's not any mountain too rugged to climb no desert too barren to cross Somewhere if you could just show a sign of love I could bear any call Take me to Siberia and to coldest weather of the wintertime It would be just like spring in California as long as I knew you were mine  There's not any mountain too rugged to climb no desert too barren to cross Somewhere if you could just show a sign of love I could bear any call Take me to Siberia and to coldest weather of the wintertime It would be just like spring in California as long as I knew you were mine Take me|Country
lorettalynn|Mountain Climber|Everybody's gotta start somewhere Most want to start at the top When they fail, it ain't their fault it hurts Lord, it's that sudden stop I've got a lot of ambition and I love competition I give it all a try and I'll do it or die 'Cause I'm a mountain climber  Yea I'm a mountain climber The higher the mountain, the better I like it When I've got a dream, I go for it When the dream comes true, I'll know it A quitter is a loser and a winner never quits And I never stop till I get to the top 'Cause I'm a mountain climber  Well, I wake every morning And I'm rarin' to go at the bottom of a brand new hill I'm like a racehorse ready to run I just can't stand still I love to be in action I like the feel of satisfaction I'm not satisfied till I see the other side 'Cause I'm a mountain climber  Yea I'm a mountain climber The higher the mountain, the better I like it When I've got a dream, I go for it When the dream comes true, I'll know it A quitter is a loser and a winner never quits And I never stop till I get to the top 'Cause I'm a mountain climber  No, I never stop till I get to the top 'Cause I'm a mountain climber|Country
lorettalynn|Fly Away|Standing alone in a storm of life Without any way to turn Tears are falling down like rain From the lessons that I have learned  And I wish that I could fly away On the wings of a great golden bird To a place where there are no unhappy days And there are no unhappy words  Yes, I wish that I could fly away To a land beyond this pain And lay my dreams on a mountain top And wash my mind in the rain  Burned by the fire of an untrue love My heart is as cold as a stone And I know for sure that the road of life Is no place to travel alone  And I wish that I could fly away To a land beyond this pain And lay my dreams on a mountain top And wash my mind in the rain  Yes, I wish that I could fly away To a land beyond this pain And lay my dreams on a mountain top And wash my mind in the rain|Country
lorettalynn|Walk On Water|Superman used to fly when we were kids And in my mind, I'm the girl he did it for Oh, but now we're grown and we know the way it is No one waits for superheroes anymore  You, you make me want to walk on water And I believe I could do it for you You make me want to walk on water Oh I know you love me for the simple little things I do  It's a miracle, this love that we both share And God knows I'm thankful and that's enough And maybe it's <i>[?]</i> or a prayer But think we could move mountains with our love  You, you make me want to walk on water And I believe I could do it for you Baby you, you make me want to walk on water Oh I know you love me for the simple little things I do  Oh I know you love me for the simple little things I do|Country
lorettalynn|Elzie Banks|There's an old time preacher named Elzie Banks And he tells it like it is He said you can't be good, if you're a little bit bad 'Cause the devil knows you're his And when preach yourself fire and brimstone You can almost see the flames When he says you walk them golden streets Ten thousand angels sing  He'll break ice on the river In the middle of the wintertime And say, come on, sister, wade on in The water's mighty mighty fine He'd raise one hand toward the heaven And then he'd say, "Let's pray Come on, Lord, let's show this world We're gonna drown the old devil today"  And we'll say, come on children Let your little light shine on the mountain top We'll get a kick out of watching the devil Setting him stumbling blocks This world is the devil's playground And I hate to hear what the devil say He's the hardest worker in this world He works twenty-five hours a day  Preacher Elzie keep on a-preachin' He never let your people down I missed the old camp meeting time And dinner on the ground He's an old time gospel preacher And he preaches the gospel free The mountain people need him And they love him just like me  Lord, I wouldn't be caught dead Without my Jesus to hold on to If you don't know your Lord today Tomorrow, he won't know you Don't get me wrong, I believe in heaven I strongly believe in saving Are the TV preachers losing souls For the bank accounts they're saving?  And we'll say, come on children Let your little light shine on the mountain top We'll get a kick out of watching the devil Setting him stumbling blocks This world is the devil's playground And I hate to hear what the devil say He's the hardest worker in this world He works twenty-five hours a day|Country
lorettalynn|Still In The Ring|So I finally met the other woman and I see that what I heard is true You could hit a man right where his heart is you're a beauty and a fighter too Now you say you're gonna take him from me you'll win the title of his wife I can see you've done a lot of trainin' but you're in for the fight of your life  You may be quiet and knockout oh but don't you forget one thing You only won the first round his finger is still in the ring  So you slipped around and found his weakness and you knocked him down a time or two You moved in close and took advantage now you think that he'll move in with you Well tonight I'm lying in his corner and love is gonna changed some things You'll find out when the fight is over his finger is still in the ring  Oh you may be quiet and knockout oh but don't you forget one thing You only won the first round his finger is still in the ring You only won the first round his finger is still in the ring|Country
lorettalynn|Old Rugged Cross|On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross the emblem of suffering and shame And I love that old cross where the dearest and best For a world of lost sinners was slain So I'll cherish the old rugged cross till my trophies at last I lay down I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it some day for a crown <i>[ piano ]</i> Oh that old rugged cross so despised by the world is a wonderous attraction for me For the dear lamb of God left this glory above to bare it to dark calvary So I'll cherish the old rugged cross...|Country
lorettalynn|Peace in the Valley|Oh well I'm tired and so weary but I must go along Till my Lord comes and calls me calls me away oh yes Oh well the morning's so bright and the lamb is the light And the night night is as black as the sea oh yes There will be peace peace in the valley for me some day There will be peace in the valley for me oh Lord I pray There'll be no sadness no sorrow no troubles I'll see There will be peace peace in the valley for me <i>[ ac.guitar ]</i> Well the bear will be gentle and the wolf will be tame And the lion shall lay down down by the lamb oh yes And the beast from the wild will be lead by little child And I'll be changed changed from this creature that I am oh yes There will be peace...|Country
lorettalynn|It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels|As I sit here tonight the jukebox playing The tune about the wild side of life As I listen to the words you are saying It brings memories when I was a trusting wife.  It wasn't god who made honky tonk angels As you wrote in the words of you're song Too many times married men think they're still single That has caused many of good girls too go wrong.  It's a shame that all the blame is on us women It's not true that only you men feel the same From the start most every heart that's ever been broken Was because there always was a man to blame.  It wasn't god who made honky tonk angels  As you wrote in the words of your song Too many times married men think they're still single That had caused many of good girls too go wrong...|Country
lorettalynn|Just a Closer Walk With Thee|I am weak but Thou art strong Jesus keep me from all wrong I'll be satisfied as long as I walk let me walk close to Thee Just a closer walk with Thee grant it Jesus is my plea Daily walking close to Thee let it be dear Lord let it be  When my feeble life is o'er time for me shall be no more Guide me gently safely o'er to Thy kingdom shores to Thy shores Just a closer walk...|Country
lorettalynn|Out of My Head and Back in My Bed|Lyin' alone in this big old bed I got you on my mind I said when you left I could make it by myself But it gets harder all the time And I can't take it no more I see your face Every time I close my eyes So I'm goin' out now And I'm lookin' for you Some winter night I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' sun comes up I can't stand another night Without holdin' me tight How I miss your lovin' touch I'm goin' searchin' Everywhere that a you might be When I find you I'm a bringin' you home with me I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' comes Well I might find somebody new To share my misery But no other man Can do what you can When it comes to lovin' me I don't want nobody to say that I was a fool For bein' cool I won't be satisfied till you're back in my arms And I'm lovin' you I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' sun comes up I can't stand another night Without you holdin' me tight How I miss your lovin' touch I'm goin' searchin' Everywhere that a you might be And when I find you I'm a bringin' you home with me I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' comes I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' sun comes up I can't stand another night Without you holdin me tight How I miss your lovin' touch I'm goin' searchin' Everywhere that a you might be  A when I find you I'm a bringin' you home with me I want you out of my head And back in my bed Before the mornin' comes|Country
lorettalynn|Wouldn't It Be Great|Wouldn't it be fine if you could say you love me Just one time with a sober mind? Wouldn't that be fine, now wouldn't that be fine?  Wouldn't it be great if you could love me first And let the bottle wait? Now wouldn't that be great, now wouldn't that be great?  Wouldn't it be great, hey, hey, wouldn't that be great? Throw the old glass crutch away and watch it break Wouldn't it be great, hey, hey, wouldn't that be great? Lord, it's for our sake, wouldn't that be great?  In the name of love, what's the man so great? Keep thinking of what a man he was In the name of love, in the name of love  Love went away when the sexy lace wouldn't turn his face The bottle took my place, love went to waste Wouldn't it be great, hey, hey, wouldn't that be great?  Wouldn't it be good? And I know You could if you just would Wouldn't that be good? And you know you should Wouldn't it be great, hey, hey, wouldn't that be great?|Country
lorettalynn|I Fall to Pieces|I fall to pieces each time I see you again I fall to pieces how can I be just your friend You want me to act like we've never kissed You want me to forget pretend we've never met And I've tried Lord I've tried but I haven't yet you walk by and I fall to pieces You tell me to find someone else to love Someone who'll love me too the way you used to do But each time I go out with someone new you walk by and I fall to pieces You walk by and I fall to pieces|Country
lorettalynn|Back in Baby's Arms|I'm back in baby's arms how I've missed those lovin' arms I'm back where I belong back in baby's arms  Don't know why we quarrel we never did before Since we found out how it hurts I bet we never quarrel anymore I'm back in baby's arms... <i>[ guitar ]</i> Thought I didn't need his love till it took away Now I'm back where I belong in my baby's arms I'm gonna stay I'm back in baby's arms... Back in baby's arms back in baby's arms|Country
lorettalynn|They Don't Make em Like My Daddy|I wasn't much more than a baby, I thought he was a bear The way my daddy carried me around They said I learned to walk while holdin' on to just one finger On the hand of a man that stands six-foot-three  Not old enough to understand the meaning of depression Just something people talked about a lot My daddy wasn't one that tried to make no big impressions Just one heck of a man that worked for what he got  They don't make men like my daddy anymore Guess they've thrown away the pattern through the years In a great big land of freedom, at a time we really need 'em They don't make 'em like my daddy anymore  From the Johnson County Coal Camps to the hills of West Virginia My daddy worked down in them dark coal mines Education didn't count so much as what you had born in you Like the will to live and a dream of better times  Daddy never took a handout, we ate pinto beans and bacon But he worked to keep the wolf back from the door And it only proved one thing to me when folks start belly-achin' They don't make 'em like my daddy anymore  They don't make men like my daddy anymore Guess they've thrown away the pattern through the years In a great big land of freedom at a time we really need 'em They don't make 'em like my daddy anymore They don't make 'em like my daddy anymore|Country
lorettalynn|Your Squaw Is on the Warpath|Well your pet name for me is Squaw When you come home a drinkin' and can barely crawl And all that lovin' on me won't make things right Well you leave me at home to keep the teepee clean Six papooses to break and when wean Well your squaw is on the warpath tonight Well I've found out a big brave chief the game you're a huntin' for ain't beef Get off of my huntin' grounds and get out of my sight This war dance I'm doin' means I'm fightin' mad You need no more of what you've already had Your squaw is on the warpath tonight <i>[ guitar ]</i> Well that fire-water that you've been drinking Makes you feel bigger but chief you're shrinking Since you've been on that love making diet Now don't hand me that ole peace pipe there ain't no pipe can settle this fight Your squaw is on the warpath tonight Well I've found out a big brave chief... Yeah your squaw is on the warpath tonight|Country
lorettalynn|Coal Miners Daughter|Well, I was born a coal miner's daughter In a cabin, on a hill in Butcher Holler We were poor but we had love, That's the one thing that daddy made sure of He'd shovel coal to make a poor man's dollar  My daddy worked all night in the Van Lear coal mines All day long in the field a hoin' corn Mommy rocked the babies at night And read the Bible by the coal oil light And ever' thing would start all over come break of morn  Daddy loved and raised eight kids on a miner's pay Mommy scrubbed our clothes on a washboard ever' day Why I've seen her fingers bleed To complain, there was no need She'd smile in mommy's understanding way  In the summertime we didn't have shoes to wear But in the wintertime we'd all get a brand new pair From a mail order catalog Money made from selling a hog Daddy always managed to get the money somewhere  Yeah, I'm proud to be a coal miner's daughter I remember well, the well where I drew water The work we done was hard At night we'd sleep 'cause we were tired I never thought of ever leaving Butcher Holler  Well a lot of things have changed since a way back then And it's so good to be back home again Not much left but the floor, nothing lives here anymore Except the memory of a coal miner's daughter|Country
lorettalynn|Rated 'X'|Well if you've been a married woman and things didn't seem to work out Divorce is the key to bein' loose and free so you're gonna be talked about Everybody knows that you've loved once so they think you'll love again You can't have a male friend when you're a has been of a woman you're rated X  And if you're rated X you're some kind of gold even men turning silver try to make But I think it's wrong to judge half a picture if a cheap camera makes a mistake And when your best friend's husband says to you you've sure started lookin' good You should've known he would and he would if he could and he will if you're rated X  Well nobody knows where you're goin' but they sure know where you've been All they're thinkin' of is your experience of love their minds eat up with sin The women all look at you like you're bad and the men all hope you are But if you go too far you're gonna wear the scar of a woman rated X  And if you're rated X you're some kind of gold even men turning silver try to make But I think it's wrong to judge half a picture if a cheap camera makes a mistake And when your best friend's husband says to you you've sure started lookin' good You should've known he would and he would if he could and he will if you're rated X|Country
lorettalynn|Blue Eyed Kentucky Girl|You left me for the bright lights of the town A country boy set out to see the world Remember when those city lights shine down That big old moon shines on your Kentucky Girl  I swear I love you by the moon above you How bright is it shinin' in your world Some morning when you wake up all alone Just come on home to your Blue Kentucky Girl  Don't wait to bring great riches home to me I need no diamond rings or fancy pearls Just bring yourself, you're all I'll ever need That's good enough for this Blue Kentucky Girl  I swear I love you by stars above you How bright is it shinin' in your world Some morning when you wake up all alone Just come on home to your Blue Kentucky Girl|Country
lorettalynn|The State of Our Union|Ain't it crazy seems the world outside is bound to fall apart Ah but baby we know peace of mind is just a state of heart We're a winning combination with the will to carry on An undivided nation in a world of our own our own  You see the state of our union is strong We love each other and we get along If we fall we fall together never apart In this world of confusion the state of our union Is simply a matter of heart  Divided that's the reason many ships are going down United we know that ours will never run around We'll be beside each other through every setting sun With a course set on forever together we're one we're one  You see the state of our union is strong We love each other and we get along If we fall we fall together never apart In this world of confusion the state of our union Is simply a matter of heart  You see the state of our union is strong We love each other and we get along If we fall we fall together never apart In this world of confusion the state of our union Is simply a matter of heart|Country
lorettalynn|Lovin' What Your Lovin' Does to Me|My heart was at a standstill your touch shook me up You made me see what I'd missed now I can't get enough I fit so right in your world you set my heart on go On the coldest day of winter our love would melt the snow  Our love is hotter than the fire that swept Chicago Deeper than the Gulf of Mexico Sweeter than the sugar cane down in Louisiana Here with you is where I wanna be I'm lovin' what your lovin' does to me  Your love struck me like a bolt out of the blue The first thing that I knew I was givin' it all to you Mhm you make it happen whenever I'm with you The longest day of summer couldn't warm me like you do  Our love was stronger than the winds that hit Biloxi Taller than the hills of Tennessee More movin' than the earthquakes that shake up California Here with you is where I wanna be I'm lovin' what your lovin' does to me  Our love is hotter than the fire that swept Chicago Deeper than the Gulf of Mexico Sweeter than the sugar cane down in Louisiana Here with you is where I wanna be I'm lovin' what your lovin' does to me  Our love is hotter than the fire that swept Chicago Deeper than the Gulf of Mexico Sweeter than the sugar cane down in Louisiana Here with you is where I wanna be I'm lovin' what your lovin' does to me|Country
lorettalynn|I'd Rather Have What We Had|It used to be blue nun there in room 3-2-1 Over the river where we weren't well known Now it's two coffees then off to the office Then back in the driveway and sittin' at home  Sneakin' around with me being tied down with me Which one would you rather have be honest Dying to be with me watchin' TV with me Is this what we wanted so bad I'd rather have what we had  We carefully planned it what our hearts demanded No more motel rooms no more cheatin' lies Now we're lookin' at it a neatly wrapped package But open it up and there's no surprise  Sneakin' around with me being tied down with me Which one would you rather have be honest Dying to be with me watchin' TV with me Is this what we wanted so bad I'd rather have what we had|Country
lorettalynn|Right in the Palm of Your Hand|A willin' woman a willin' man A five room house and a wedding band Believers believers Once it begins you know it don't take long Till you're like two people in a heartbreak song And I wonder I wonder  Ain't it just like a woman Yeah and ain't it just like a man Chasin' a rainbow lookin' for love When it's right in the palm of your hand  We can't take back those things we said So we watch it pass in separate beds we're Changin' we're changin' Too little love and too much pride You won't give in and neither will lie We're like children children  Ain't it just like a woman Yeah and ain't it just like a man Chasin' a rainbow lookin' for love When it's right in the palm of your hand  Feet on the floor holdin' my head Sittin' alone on the edge of bed I been thinking thinking Tryin' to find where we went wrong I just turned around Lord and you were gone And it's over oh it's over  Ain't it just like a woman Yeah and ain't it just like a man Chasin' a rainbow lookin' for love When it's right in the palm of your hand  Ain't it just like a woman Yeah and ain't it just like a man Chasin' a rainbow lookin' for love When it's right in the palm of your hand Right in the palm of your hand Right in the palm of your hand|Country
lorettalynn|When the Tingle Becomes a Chill|Sometimes at night while you're fast asleep I lie there alone in the darkness and weep So sorry and sad but that's part of the deal when the tingle becomes a chill I never wanted to stop loving you I'll swear by the breath in my body that's true Ah but a woman can't help the way that she feels when the tingle becomes a chill <i>[ steel - harmonica ]</i> You're so contented but for me it's all gone And though I pretend you just don't turn me on The body performs but the soul has no will when the tingle becomes a chill I never wanted to stop loving you...|Country
lorettalynn|Somebody Led Me Away|You'll come in with the sun in the morning Like you've done so often before But you won't find me asleep on the sofa Exhausted from walkin' the floor  So while you were leading somebody on My heart was slippin' away While you were leading somebody on Somebody led me away  And this time the note on your pillow Will go one line more than I'm through For the gilt down feeling this time over leavin' It's there it's so easy to do  So while you were leading somebody on My heart was slippin' away While you were leading somebody on Somebody led me away|Country
lorettalynn|Silent Partner|Let's do business invest in you and me I'm makin' you an offer that you can't refuse You don't tell my woman and I won't tell your man I guarantee you just can't lose  Yes I'll be your silent partner undercover secret style Yes I'll be your silent partner I'll be your lover for awhile  Let's keep quiet and no need to publicize No one knows what no one tells And how bout me staying in the middle of the afternoon And work out all the small details  Yes I'll be your silent partner undercover secret style Yes I'll be your silent partner I'll be your lover for awhile  We can profit once we organize Keep our company on the side  Yes I'll be your silent partner undercover secret style Yes I'll be your silent partner I'll be your lover for awhile  Will you be my silent partner I'll keep it undercover like a child Won't you be my silent partner Wanna be your lover for awhile  Won't you be my silent partner undercover secret style Will you be my silent partner I'll be your lover for awhile|Country
lorettalynn|I Still Believe in Waltzes|I pushed him away and tearfully said I'm just not that kind of girl You might think I'm square cause you've been around And you're wise in the ways of the world I know that makin' it's takin' for granted it's all easy come easy go He pulled me close and whispered now darlin' There's somethin' I want you to know  I still believe in waltzes and girls with old fashioned ways I still believe in love songs and the good in the good old days I've always liked happy endings somebody's dream coming true I still believe in waltzes and dancing the last one with you  He slipped into bed I turned over and said I'm worried you're workin' so late It's just your job that keeps you away Lord I know the temptations are great I'm just a wife I'm just a mama that's not too exciting I know He pulled me close and whispered those same words He told me that not long ago  I still believe in waltzes and girls with old fashioned ways I still believe in love songs and the good in the good old days I've always liked happy endings somebody's dream coming true I still believe in waltzes and I'll dance the last one with you We still believe in waltzes|Country
lorettalynn|We've Been Strong Long Enough|He's married to you I'm not But that don't stop me from wantin' what he's got So tonight we'll take the time the time for love It may be wrong but we've been long strong enough  We've been strong long enough For some time we had in mind to be weak enough That's the night we call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  We'll lay it all out on the line You show me your love and I'll show you mine And I'll remember things she's so forgetful of It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  We've been strong long enough For some time we had in mind to be weak enough That's the night we call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  She's married to you I'm not That don't stop me from wantin' what she's got Tonight's the night we'll call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  We've been strong long enough For some time we had in mind to be weak enough That's the night we call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  We've been strong long enough For some time we had in mind to be weak enough That's the night we call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  We've been strong long enough For some time we had in mind to be weak enough That's the night we call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough|Country
lorettalynn|If I Ever Had to Say Goodbye to You|If I ever had to say goodbye to you Let the world come to an end it wouldn't matter to me then I wouldn't want to live with just your memory Deep inside myself I never would be free This life would hold no happiness for me  I could never say hello to someone new If I looked into her eyes I'd be ashamed and I despise Myself for trying to recapture what was gone Just an imitation dream to wish upon I'd only hurt her and that kind of love is wrong  If I ever had to say goodbye to you I can't imagine where I go or what I'll do There's no way I could face the world alone Like a puppy dog lost and scared without a home  So please stay with me until our time is through Let me look into your heart know that we can never part And I will always try to make you happy too And the tears I shed are for a love that's true  You make me laugh you make me cry You make me want to live or die If I'll ever have to say goodbye Goodbye to you|Country
lorettalynn|Van Lear Rose|One of my fondest memories Was sittin' on my daddy's knee Listenin' to the stories that he told  He'd pull out that old photograph Like a treasured memory from the past  And say child This here's the Van Lear Rose  Oh how it would bring a smile  When he talked about her big blue eyes And how her beauty ran down to her soul She'd walk across the coal miner's yard  Them miner's would yell loud and hard  and they'd dream of who would hold The Van Lear Rose  <i>[Chorus:]</i> She was the belle of Johnson County Ohio river to Big Sandy A beauty to behold like a diamond in the coal All the miner's they would gather 'round  Talk about the man that came to town Right under their nose  Stole the heart of the Van Lear Rose  Now the Van Lear Rose could've had her pick And all the fellers figured rich Until this poor boy caught her eye His buddies would all laugh and say Your dreamin' boy she'll never look your way You'll never ever hold the Van Lear Rose  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Then one night in mid July Underneath that ol' blue Kentucky sky Well, that poor boy won that beauty's heart Then my daddy would look at my mommy and smile As he brushed the hair back from my eyes and he'd say Your mama She's the Van Lear Rose  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Right under their nose Stole the heart of the Van Lear Rose|Country
lorettalynn|Another Man Loved Me Last Night|He doesn't know that I can't look him in the eyes Or that I can't speak or I'll start tellin' lies I hope he thinks that I'm just moody and quiet But another man loved me last night  Yes another man loved me last night I'd almost forgotten what love was really like But I'm only human only a woman I let another man love me last night  While he's sleepin' well I'm cryin' here awake Not bein' loved was more than I could take Though it was wrong there in his arms it seemed so right When another man loved me last night  Yes another man loved me last night I'd almost forgotten what love was really like But I'm only human only a woman I let another man love me last night|Country
lorettalynn|Portland, Oregon|Well Portland Oregon and sloe gin fizz If that ain't love then tell me what is Well I lost my heart it didn't take no time But that ain't all. I lost my mind in Oregon  In a booth in the corner with the lights down low I was movin' in fast she was takin' it slow Well I looked at him and caught him lookin' at me I knew right then we were playin' free in Oregon  Next day we knew last night got drunk But we loved enough for the both of us In the morning when the night had sobered up It was much too late for the both of us in Oregon  Well sloe gin fizz works might fast  When you drink it by the pitcher and not by the glass  Hey bartender before you close Pour us one more drink and a pitcher to go  And a pitcher to go <i>[repeat]</i>|Country
lorettalynn|Trouble on the Line|I can't understand a word your sayin' We've got a bad connection on our minds Communications one thing we never seem to find Oh Lord I'm sorry, but theres trouble on the line  All I get is static when we're talkin' You say my line is out of order all the time We have nothin' left in common Your thoughts are not like mine Oh Lord I'm sorry, but theres trouble on the line  There's trouble on the line From your heart to mine Oh Lord I'm sorry but we're not gettin through  <i>[Chorus:]</i> The storm keeps gettin worse Lord, we might as well quit tryin Oh Lord I'm Sorry, but theres trouble on the line Oh Lord I'm Sorry, but theres trouble on the line  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
lorettalynn|Family Tree|Woman you don't know me But you can bet that I know you Everybody in this whole darn town Knows you too.  I brought along our little babies 'Cause I wanted them to see The woman that's burning down Our family tree.   No, I didn't come to fight If he was a better man I might But I wouldn't dirty my hands On trash like you, no.  Bring out the babies, daddy That's who they've come to see Not the woman that's burning down Our family tree   Their daddy once was a good man Until he ran into trash like you Take a look at baby's face And tell me who loves who.  I brought along his ole dog Charlie And the bills that's overdue The job your workin' Lord, we need money too.  No, I didn't come to fight If he was a better man I might But I wouldn't dirty my hands On trash like you, no.  Bring out the babies, daddy That's who they've come to see Not the woman that's burning down Our family tree.  No, not the woman that's burning down Our family tree...|Country
lorettalynn|You're Lookin' At Country|Well I like my lovin' done country style and this little girl would walk a country mile To find her a good ole slow talkin' country boy I said a country boy I'm about as old fashioned as I can be and I hope you're likin' what you see Cause if you're lookin' at me you're lookin' at country  You don't see no city when you look at me cause country's all I am I love runnin' barefoot through the old cornfields and I love that country ham Well you say I'm made just to fit your plans But does a barnyard shovel fit your hands If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country  This here country is a little green and there's a lotta country that you ain't seen I'll show you around if you'll show me a weddin' band I said a weddin' band When it comes to love well I know about that country folks all know where it's at If you're lookin' at me you're lookin' at country  You don't see no city when you look at me cause country's all I am I love runnin' barefoot through the old cornfields and I love that country ham Well you say I'm made just to fit your plans But does a barnyard shovel fit your hands If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country  If your eyes are on me you're lookin' at country|Country
lorettalynn|Have Mercy|Have mercy on me baby I'm down upon my knees Have mercy on me baby I'll do just as you please Well you know that I love you I'll put noone else above you Have mercy on me baby, have mercy  Have mercy on me baby Please have a little heart Have mercy on me baby You're tearing me apart The way that you do me  You know you done got to me Have mercy on me baby, have mercy  She's got you hypnotized And your brain is paralyzed You know she's only playing with you Like a puppet on a string Remember just one thing She can't love you like I do, no  Have mercy on me baby Please give this heart a break Have mercy on me baby I'll do just what it takes You know you won't regret it So hey there now I said it Have mercy on me baby, have mercy  Have mercy Have mercy on me baby Have mercy on me baby Have mercy on me  Have mercy on me baby Please have mercy on me|Country
lorettalynn|She's Got You|I've got your picture that you gave to me And it's signed With Love just like it used to be The only thing different the only thing new I've got your picture she's got you I've got the records that we used to share And they still sound the same as when you were here The only thing different the only thing new I've got the records she's got you I've got your memory or has it got me I really don't know But I know it won't let me be I've got your class ring that proved you'd care And it still looks the same as when you gave it dear The only thing different the only thing new I've got these little things she's got you I've got your memory...|Country
lorettalynn|High on a Mountain Top|<i>[Chorus:]</i> High on a mountain top  We live, we love, and we laugh a lot Folks up here know what they got  High on a mountain top  High on a mountain top   Where the rest of the world's  Like a little bitty spot  I ain't comin down no never I'm not  High on a mountain top  High on a mountain top  Where I come from the mountain flowers grow wild  The blue grass sways like it's goin out of style  God fearin' people simple and real  'Cause up on the ridge folks that's the deal  Well my daddy worked down in the dark coal mine  Shovelin' that coal one shovel at a time  Never made a lot money didn't have much  But we're high on life and rich in love   <i>[Chorus]</i>  Well down in the holler lived my uncle Joe  He'd pull out his fiddle and rosin his bow  We'd all sing and dance  And we ain't gonna stop  When the moon shine flows behind every rock   <i>[Chorus]</i>  Well we lay on our backs and we count the stars 'cause up here folks heaven's not that far   <i>[Chorus]</i>  High on a mountain top  High on a mountain top|Country
lorettalynn|Little Red Shoes|I was 11 months old I was just starting to walk And Daddy always kept a big stick behind the door just in case  Somebody was to come in that was drunk on moonshine,  You know, and Daddy had to do something about it Anyway, this woman, we called her old Aunt Boyd, She come in and she was telling  Mommy about her, uh, husband, she thinks is going out with this woman in Paintsville So she reared back with that big stick showing  Mommy how she was going to hit this woman in the head with it And when she went back with it, she hit me in the head  And Mommy said I cried for 5 days And she said I, that fifth night,  I had a great big knot that show up right in the middle of my forehead And, you know, the only thing I remember,  I don't remember no pain, but I just remember Mommy  And Daddy carrying me in this old quilt that Mommy had made out of overhalls The knots kept getting bigger and bigger so she took me to the doctor And that stuff called mesitor, something like that Mommy said it made both ears flat to my face and I ain't got very big ears And told Mommy that I would, that I was going to die And that happened like four times so I didn't walk till I was almost 5 It was... It was kind of a mess...  Oh I forgot about the shoes, Well shoot, I hadn't... I'd never had a pair of shoes And Mommy had went...  Took me to the hospital, you know, to see what that was...  If they couldn't do something But they wouldn't keep me because Mommy and Daddy didn't have no money They just tell 'em to take me home and let me die, you know,  Because there wasn't nothing they could do about That kind of disease, I guess And, um, Mommy told Daddy,  Says "Ted, you take her down the street, you carry her down the street..." and said, "...let me try this store here," and Mommy went in and told them the story that I was dying,  That she had to carry me twelve miles to town  And twelve miles back and that I had no shoes That place, I think it was Murphy's 5 and 10 and they're still there in Paintsville, Kentucky And I think that they told Mommy that they wasn't in business to give shoes away Mommy told Daddy, says, "Carry Loretta on down a little farther,"  Said, "and let me stop in another store..." And Mommy went right back to the same store When the guy's back was turned she stole these little red shoes And I remember on the big'old bridge that went across the river It went way up high and was...  I've always been scared of that bridge that took me across the big Sandy River Mommy pulled them out from under that yellow jacket that she was wearing And she was putting them red shoes on me  And I thought them was the prettiest things I ever saw in my life And Daddy started crying And I wondered why And he said, "Clerie, we're not going to make it home," And Mommy put the shoes on me And Daddy took off running and run all the way ahead t'Butcher Holler with me And Mommy never had a chance to carry me any farther And that's almost twelve miles that Daddy run with me But Daddy knew that the cops was going to get us He left Mommy standing and he took off in a dead run I remember him running but I didn't know what for  And I remember asking Mommy,  "Mommy, why is Daddy running?" I remember her hollering,  "To put your little red shoes away, honey, when you get home." <i>[Laughs]</i>  Can you believe that? So I wrote a song called "Put My Little Red Shoes Away,"  You know, they're my little red shoes and I don't want 'em to get... to be dirty...|Country
lorettalynn|God Makes No Mistakes|Why, I've heard people say Why is this tree bent Why they don't have God enough to know That's the way that it was meant why is this little baby born all twisted and out of shape We're not to question what he does God makes no mistakes  Why I've heard people say Why is my child blind Why is that old drunk still livin When a daddy like mine is dyin our blessed father gives us life has the power to take it away There's no reason for what he does God makes no mistakes  Why I've heard people say God cannot be alive And all the things people say Has to be a lie When they're down and out And they need a hand And their very souls at stake If they'll call on him and just believe God makes no mistakes|Country
lorettalynn|Women's Prison|I'm in a women's prison with bars all around I caught my darlin cheatin that's when I shot him down I caught him in a honky-tonk with a girl I used to know The door to my cell is open wide and a voice cries out oh no  The judge says I'm guilty my sentence is to die I know I've been forgiven but the price of love is high  The crowd outside is screamin' let the murderer die But above all their voices I can hear my mama cry  I'm sittin' here on death row and Lord I've lost my mind For love I've killed my darlin and for love I'll lose my life  I can hear the warden coming From the clinging of his keys But when they come to get me He'll have to drag me off my kness The door to my cell swings open It's time for me to go The priest is reading my last rights He says dying's part of livin' ya know  And there's a crowd outside screamin' let that murderer fry But above all their voices You can hear my mama cry  Now they've strapped me in the chair And covered up my eyes And the last voice I hear on Earth Is my mama's cry|Country
lorettalynn|This Old House|Oh, if this old house could talk What a story it would tell It would tell about the good times And the bad times as well It would tell about the love  That lived and died inside these walls And the sound of little footsteps  Runnin' up and down the hall  Oh, if this old house could talk  It would break my heart in two I couldn't stand to be reminded  Of all the things we used to do There's no love in this old house no more So I got it up for sale Why, if this old house could talk What a story it would tell  Oh, if this old house could talk I know what it would say I'm as lonesome as you are And I feel nonempty everyday Well, I even miss the babies  Who built me up to feel this way Why, if this old house could talk Lord, I know what it would say  If this old house could talk What a story it would tell We built this home together And with love we drove each nail Take me in your arms and hold me 'Cause we've been apart too long Why if this old house could talk All it would say is welcome home|Country
lorettalynn|Why Can't He Be You|He takes me to the places you and I used to go He tells me over and over that he loves me so He gives me love that I never got from you He loves me too his love is true why can't he be you He never fails to call and tell me I'm on his mind And I'm lucky to have such a guy I hear it all the time And he does all the things that you would never do He loves me too his love is true why can't he be you No he's not the one who dominates my mind and soul And I should love him so cause he loves me I know But his kisses leave me cold He sends me flowers calls on the hour just to prove his love And my friends say when he's around I'm all he speaks of And he does all the things that you would never do He loves me too his love is true why can't he be you|Country
lorettalynn|Faded Love|As I look at the letters that you wrote to me it's you that I am thinking of As I read the lines that to me were so dear I remember our faded love I miss you darling more and more every day As heaven would miss the stars above And with every heartbeat I still think of you and remember our faded love  As I think of the past and all the pleasures we've had As I watch the mating of the dove It was in the springtime that you said goodbye I remember our faded love I miss you darling...|Country
lorettalynn|Miss Being Mrs.|I lie here all alone, In my bed of memories I'm dreamin' of your sweet kiss, Oh, how you loved on me.  I can almost feel you with me, Here in this blue moonlight, Oh, I miss being Mrs., tonight  Like so many other hearts, Mine wanted to be free, I've been put here every day, Since you've been away from me  My reflection in the mirror, It's such a hurtful sight, Oh I miss being Mrs. tonight Oh I miss being Mrs. tonight  And how I loved them loving arms, That once held me so tight, I took off my wedding band, And put it on my right hand, I miss being Mrs. tonight.  Oh I miss being Mrs. tonight And how I loved them loving arms, That once held me so tight, I took off my wedding band, And put it on my right hand, I miss being Mrs. tonight Oh, I miss being Mrs. tonight|Country
lorettalynn|Story of My Life|Well here's the story of my life Listen and I'll tell it twice  Well I was born in hold Kentucky In them hills where folks are lucky And it's paradise to me  Well I got a feller right over the hill If he asks me to marry well I know I will He asked me to marry got kids of four And I'm telling you  I don't want no more  Doo got me a guitar  I wrote me a song Moved to Nashville, it wasn't long 'Till I was on the Grand Ole Opry  We bought us a mansion on a hill Livin big like we were big deals Scarlett O'Hara in Gone  With the Wind I was pregnant again Oh gee, oh Lord, I swear The babies are comin' in pars  Well some big shot form Hollywood Thought a movie about my life would be good It was a big hit made a big splash What I wanna know is what happened to the cash  No me and Doo, married forty-eight years Six kids later a lot of laughter and tears I have to say that I've been blessed Not bad for this ol' Kentucky girl I guess Well, here's the story of y life Listen and I'll tell it twice|Country
lorettalynn|Crazy|Crazy crazy for feeling so lonely I'm crazy crazy for feeling so blue I knew you'd love me as long as you wanted And then some day you'd leave me for somebody new Worry why do I let myself worry wondering what in the world did I do Oh crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for trying and crazy for crying and I'm crazy for loving you Crazy for thinking...|Country
lorettalynn|Sweet Dreams|Sweet dreams of you every night I go through Why can't I forget you and start my life anew Instead of having sweet dreams about you You don't love me it's plain I should know I'll never wear your ring I should hate you the whole night through instead of having sweet dreams about you Sweet dreams of you things I know can't come true Why can't I forget the past start loving someone new Instead of having sweet dreams about you|Country
lorettalynn|Leavin' on Your Mind|If you've got leavin' on your mind tell me now get it over Hurt me now get it over if you've got leavin' on your mind If there's a new love in your heart tell me now get it over Hurt me now get it over in there's a new love in your heart  Don't leave me here in a world filled with dreams that might have been Hurt me now get it over I may learn to love again If there's a new love in your heart... Hurt me now get it over in there's a new love in your heart|Country
willienelson|Stardust|Sometimes I wonder why I spend Such lonely nights Oh baby lonely nights Dreaming of a song The melody haunts my reverie And I am once again with you When our love was new, oh baby And each kiss an inspiration Now that baby you know was long ago  Oh beside a garden wall When stars are bright You are in my arms The nightingale tells his fairy tale A paradise where roses bloom  Though I dream in vain In my heart it will remain baby My stardust melody Oh memory oh memory oh memory|Country
willienelson|Georgia on My Mind|Georgia, Georgia, The whole day through Just an old sweet song Keeps Georgia on my mind  I'm say Georgia Georgia A song of you Comes as sweet and clear As moonlight through the pines  Other arms reach out to me Other eyes smile tenderly Still in peaceful dreams I see The road leads back to you  I said Georgia, Ooh Georgia, no peace I find Just an old sweet song Keeps Georgia on my mind  Other arms reach out to me Other eyes smile tenderly Still in peaceful dreams I see The road leads back to you  Georgia, Georgia, No peace, no peace I find Just this old, sweet song Keeps Georgia on my mind  I said just an old sweet song, Keeps Georgia on my mind|Country
willienelson|All of Me|All of me Why not take all of me Can't you see That I'm no good without you Take my arms I want to lose them Take my lips I'll never use them  Your goodbye Left me with eyes that cry And I know that I Am no good without you You took the part That once was my heart So why not take all of me  <i>[Repeat both verses]</i>  Why not take all of me|Country
willienelson|Unchained Melody|Oh my love, my darling I've hungered for your touch, A long lonely time Time goes by so slowly, And time can do so much Are you still mine? I need your love, I need your love God speed your love to me.  Lonely rivers flow to the sea, to the sea, To the open arms of the sea Lonely rivers syies, Wait for me, Wait for me I'll be coming home, Wait for me  Time goes by so slowly, And time can do so much Are you still mine? I need your love, I need your love God speed your love to me.  God speed your love to me.|Country
willienelson|September Song|Oh, it's a long, long while  From May to December  But the days grow short,  When you reach September.  When the autumn weather  Turn leaves to flame  One hasn't got time  For the waiting game.   Oh the days dwindle down  To a precious few . . .  September, November . . .  And these few precious days  I'll spend with you.  These precious days  I'll spend with you.  Oh the days dwindle down  To a precious few . . .  September, November . . .  And these few precious days  I'll spend with you.  These precious days  I'll spend with you. These precious days  I'll spend with you.|Country
lorettalynn|I Fall To Pieces|I fall to pieces each time I see you again I fall to pieces how can I be just your friend You want me to act like we've never kissed You want me to forget pretend we've never met And I've tried Lord I've tried but I haven't yet you walk by and I fall to pieces You tell me to find someone else to love Someone who'll love me too the way you used to do But each time I go out with someone new you walk by and I fall to pieces You walk by and I fall to pieces|Country
lorettalynn|Back In Baby's Arms|I'm back in baby's arms how I've missed those lovin' arms I'm back where I belong back in baby's arms  Don't know why we quarrel we never did before Since we found out how it hurts I bet we never quarrel anymore I'm back in baby's arms... <i>[ guitar ]</i> Thought I didn't need his love till it took away Now I'm back where I belong in my baby's arms I'm gonna stay I'm back in baby's arms... Back in baby's arms back in baby's arms|Country
lorettalynn|Leavin' On Your Mind|If you've got leavin' on your mind tell me now get it over Hurt me now get it over if you've got leavin' on your mind If there's a new love in your heart tell me now get it over Hurt me now get it over in there's a new love in your heart  Don't leave me here in a world filled with dreams that might have been Hurt me now get it over I may learn to love again If there's a new love in your heart... Hurt me now get it over in there's a new love in your heart|Country
willienelson|On the Sunny Side of the Street|Grab your coat and get your hat leave your worry on the doorstep Just direct your feet to the sunny side of the street Can't you hear a pitter pat and that happy tune is your step Life can be so sweet on the sunny side of the street I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade But I'm not afraid this rover crossed over If I never have a cent I'll be rich as Rockefeller Gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street  I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade But I'm not afraid this rover crossed over If I never have a cent I'll be rich as Rockefeller Gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street|Country
willienelson|Moonlight in Vermont|Pennies in a stream falling leaves a sycamore moonlight in Vermont  Icy fingers waves ski trails on a mountain side snow light in Vermont  Telegraph cables they swing down the highway and travel each bend in the road  People who meet in this romantic setting are so hypnotized by the lovely  Evening summer breeze warbling of a meadow lark moonlight in Vermont   <i>[harmonica]</i>  Telegraph cables...  You and I and moonlight in Vermont|Country
lorettalynn|Will You Be There|When the time comes and I need someone to hold me When the time comes and I need someone to care If I'm ever down and out and need somebody If I ever call on you will you be there  Self-relyin' is the work I use for me Independence is the thing I've got to be Self-substantivein' doesn't mean that I don't care If I ever call on you will you be there  Ah if my dreams and schemes should ever tell me And my life is empty when I've lost it all If I'm ever down and out and need somebody oh yeah If I ever call on you will you be there  If I ever call on you will you be there...|Country
lorettalynn|It's Time to Pay the Fiddler|Well it's time to pay the fiddler and it's sad to know we've danced it all away But the one night's disappearing leaving nothin' but the cold hard light of day And it's time to start erasin' all the rainbows we've been chasing in our minds We know there's no way of making other ties on us unravel and unwind Yes it's time to pay the fiddler and today's the day the thirsty someones do For the rest of all my days I wonder why the maker mismatched me and you But there's so much to consider like my man and little baby Will need and want my love just like you do Now it's time to pay the fiddler but before we pay the fiddler Let's say to him please play one last final tune <i>[ fiddle ]</i> Well it's time to pay the fiddler now there's naked sorrow drippin' from my eyes On'ry stranded and unshamed we've loved each other now we've got to leave it lie But I can feel my hands a trembling and I search to find a handle on the door So let's let the fiddler pull his magic bow across our heart strings just once more Yes it's time to pay the fiddler...|Country
lorettalynn|Paper Roses|Paper roses paper roses <i>[ steel ]</i> I realize the way your eyes deceived me with tender looks that I mistook for love So take away the flowers that you gave me and send the kind that you remind me of Paper roses paper roses oh how real those roses seem to be But they're only imitation like your imitation love for me <i>[ steel ]</i> I thought that you would be a perfect lover You seemed so full of sweetness at the start But like the big red rose that's made of paper Ah there isn't any sweetness in your heart Paper roses paper roses... Like your imitation love for me|Country
lorettalynn|You Love Everybody but You|God was right giving you the gift of love Yes you've used your gift of love so willingly God was good giving you the hands to help You've done well and I know he must be pleaded I know you're lonely I don't know what I can do I know you're unhappy you love everybody but you  God was wise giving you a warming smile You have warmed so many hearts unselfishly God was great giving you the settling touch God is great God is good endlessly I know you're lonely... You love everybody but you|Country
lorettalynn|Mad Mrs. Jesse Brown|I've been in and out of every honky tonk in town And I'm almost drunk from the drinks That I've turned down Well, you told me you'd be happy Bouncin' babies on your knee While I sit at home alone And I've been bouncin three Yeah, and I'm tired of it too  I'm gonna call myself a long pick limousine Yeah, believe it or not it's the prettiest thing I think I've ever seen There's a big bar in the corner, and a TV on the side This baby's 60 feet long and 40 feet wide  Hey driver pull this car, buddy, right inside the bar Take it on back to the big ol' blonde That thinks she's amovie star I'm gonna grab her by her phony ponytail  I'm gonna sling her around and around When she wakes up she'll know she met up With Mad Mrs. Leroy Brown  Well the smokes so dog gone thick You could cut it with a knife And the music so loud You can hear the same line twice Hey Leroy Brown, how do you like my big old pink limo I just drawed all your money outta the bank today Honey, you don't have no mo'  I'm gonna call myself a long pick limousine Yeah, believe it or not it's the prettiest thing I think I've ever seen There's a big bar in the corner, and a TV on the side This baby's 60 feet long and 40 feet wide|Country
lorettalynn|Back to the Country|Apple blossoms in the air rabbit hunters everywhere It's back to the country life for me Blue skies and butterflies I smell mama's applepies It's back to the country life for me Well I'm not meant for city life I'd never make the city wife I've gotta yearn for milkin' cows bacon bread and slop and souse Flies a buzzin' everywhere bailin' hay or rockin' chair Suppur's on I'm almost there it's back to the country life for me <i>[ fiddle + harmonica ]</i> Shady lanes and pinto beans skinny dippin' in the stream It's back to the country life for me I'm gonna find me a country boy we'll raise kids ten or more It's back to the country life for me Well I'm not meant for city life... It's back to the country life for me|Country
willienelson|Someone to Watch Over Me|There is somebody I'm longing to see I hope that she Turns out to be Someone who'll watch over me I'm a little lamb Who's lost in the wood I know I could Always be good To one who'll watch over me Although she may not be the girl Some men think of As pretty To my heart She carries the key Won't you tell her please To put on some speed Follow my lead Oh, how I need Someone to watch over me Although she may not be the girl Some men think of As pretty To my heart She carries the key Won't you tell her please To put on some speed Follow my lead Oh how I need Someone to watch Over me Someone to watch Over me|Country
willienelson|I Gotta Get Drunk|Well I gotta get drunk and I sure do dread it Cuz I know just what I'm gonna do I'll start to spend my money callin' everybody honey And I'll wind up singin' the blues I'll spend my whole paycheck on some old wreck And brother I can name you a few Well I gotta get drunk and I sure do dread it Cuz I know just what I'm gonna do  I gotta get drunk, I just can't stay sober There's a lot of good people in town Who like to see me holler, see me spend my dollar And I wouldn't dream of lettin' 'em down There's a lot of doctors tell me That I'd better start slowing it down But there's more old drunks than there are old doctors So I guess we'd better have another round  <i>[Repeat first verse]</i>|Country
willienelson|Yesterday's Wine|Miracles appear  In the strangest of places  Fancy meeting you here  The last time I saw you  Was just out of Houston  Sit down let me buy you a beer  Your presence is welcome  With me and my friend here  This is a hangout of mine  We come here quite often  And listen to music  Partaking of yesterday's wine  Yesterday's wine  I'm yesterday's wine  Aging with time  Like yesterday's wine  Yesterday's wine  We're yesterday's wine  Aging with time  Like yesterday's wine   You give the appearence  Of one widely travelled  I'll bet you've seen  Things in your time  So sit down beside me  And tell me your story  If you think  You'll like yesterday's wine  Yesterday's wine  We're yesterday's wine  Aging with time  Like yesterday's wine   <i>[guitar]</i>  Yesterday's wine  We're yesterday's wine  Aging with time  Like yesterday's wine|Country
lorettalynn|The Hands of Yesterday|I won't get too close to you cause I remember What you said that day our love came to an end You told me when you left if by chance we ever met That you didn't want me touching you again  What you've said back it has never been forgotten Like my love for you that moment seemed to last Seeing you again God knows that I'd like to hold you close But you want no part of your old lonesome past  You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday You don't want them touching you in any way Mine is one caress that you'd just as soon forget You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday  If I said that seeing you didn't nothing to me I'd be telling you a lie cause that's not true I would like to kiss your lips touch you with my fingertips But I keep my distance like you asked me to  You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday You don't want them touching you in any way Mine is one caress that you'd just as soon forget You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday  You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday You don't want them touching you in any way Mine is one caress that you'd just as soon forget You don't wanna feel the hands of yesterday|Country
lorettalynn|I Can Help|If you've got a problem I don't care what it is If you need a hand I can assure you of this I can help I've got two loving arms I can help It would sure do me good to do you good I can help It's a fact that people get lonely ain't nothing new But a man like you baby should never have the blues I can help I've got two for me I can help It would sure do me good to do you good let me help Oh when I go to sleep at night you're always a part of my dreams Holdin' me tight and tellin' me everything I wanna hear Oh don't forget me baby all you gotta do is call You know that I love you you if I can do anything at all Let me help if your child needs a mama I can help Oh it would sure do me good to do you good let me help <i>[ steel ]</i> Oh when I go to sleep at night... Oh it would sure do me good to do you good let me help|Country
willienelson|Half a Man|If I'd only had one arm to hold you better yet if I had none at all Then I wouldn't have two arms that ache for you there'd be one less mem'ry to recall If I'd only had one ear to listen to the lies that you told to me Then I more closely resemble the half a man that you've made of me <i>[strings + piano]</i> If I'd only had one leg to stand on then how much how much truer picture you'd see For then I more closely resemble the half a man that you've made of me|Country
lorettalynn|Another You|His eyes may be a deeper blue but they remind me so much of you He may even comb his hair a little different And when he's walkin' by my side and tells me his love will never die Then it's plain to see I found me another you I never wanted it this way but there's one thing I can say He's givin' all the love I wanted you to When we're alone each night and day he speaks the same words you once say Oh can it really be I found me another you He looks like you he talks like you and when he whispers my name It sounds so much like you're talkin' I feel you're holdin' me again There's a feeling with him I found that makes your mem'ry stay around Yes it just might be I found me another you Oh yes it just might be I found me another you|Country
lorettalynn|Jimmy on My Mind|Now I'm lying here with Jimmy on my mind And next to me my soon to be the one I left behind And Lord it's killin' me to seek him cryin' You know I'm lying here beside him with Jimmy on my mind  Yes I know that I once loved him and I place no one up above him And I never thought I'd ever set him free But it just wasn't in my plans the way Jimmy squeezed my hand The first time that he held me close as he danced with me He said I've loved you for a long time but you're married to a friend of mine And I try hard to never let it show But my love for you is stronger I can't hide it any longer And so I thought I'd better let you know Now I'm lying here with Jimmy...|Country
lorettalynn|We've Closed Our Eyes to Shame|We both agree we shouldn't be so much in love this way Although it's wrong we go along just lovin' more each day We act so proud out in the crowd while another wears my name We've opened up our hearts to love and closed our eyes to shame We've opened up a patience we can't fight And closed our eyes to everything that's right She won't agree to set me free still we get all the blame We've opened up our hearts to love and closed our eyes to shame  We've opened up a patience we can't fight And closed our eyes to everything that's right We're victims of forbidden love we play a losin' game We've opened up our hearts to love and closed our eyes to shame|Country
willienelson|Midnight Rider|I gotta run to keep from hidin'; I'm bound to keep on ridin'. An' I got one more silver dollar, An' I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   Well, these ain't my clothes I'm wearin', An' this ol' road goes on forever. An' I got one more silver dollar, An' I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   Well, I've gone by the point of carin'; Some ol' bed, I'll soon be sharin'. An' I got one more silver dollar, An' I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   An' I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.|Country
lorettalynn|I'm So Used to Loving You|I'm so used to loving you sweetheart you're on my mind each minute we're apart And I love you more each day that we go through You're my life and I'll live it loving you.  I'm so used to loving you it seems I can't stand the thought of losing you not even in my dream Hold me close and tell me what I'd do without you I couldn't take it I'm so used to loving you.  I'm so used to the little things you say Like Hello darlin', did you have a busy day And the way you hold me close when day is through Yes, you're my love and I'll love it, loving you.  I'm so used to loving you it seems I can't stand the thought of losing you not even in my dream Hold me close and tell me what I'd do without you I couldn't take it I'm so used to loving you...|Country
lorettalynn|Will You Visit Me on Sunday|Just outside these prison bars a hanging tree is waiting At sunrise I'll meet darkness and death will say hello Darling touch your lips to mine and tell me that you love me And hold me close once more before I go Will you visit me on Sunday will you bring me pretty flowers Will your big blue eyes be misty will you brush away a tear A grave is filled with silence but if a sleeping man could hear Darling you'd hear my footsteps up here  I promise you that time won't seperate you from my mem'ry That I'll remember you until the days of silver hair If not for you I know I'd lose my mind before the morning Hold me close and tell me that you care Will you visit me on Sunday... Yes I'll you visit you on Sunday and I'll bring you pretty flowers|Country
willienelson|Nothing I Can Do About It Now|I've got a long list of real good reasons For all the things I've done I've got a picture in the back of my mind  Of what I've lost and what I've won I've survived every situation  Knowing when to freeze and when to run And regret is just a memory written on my brow  And there's nothing I can do about it now.  I've got a wild and a restless spirit  I held my price through every deal I've seen the fire of a woman's scorned  Turn her heart of gold to steal I've got the song of the voice inside me  Set to the rhythm of the wheel And I've been dreaming like a child  Since the cradle broke the bow  And there's nothing I can do about it now.  Running through the changes  Going through the stages  Coming round the corners in my life Leaving doubt to fate  Staying out too late  Waiting for the moon to say goodniight  And I could cry for the time I've wasted  But that's a waste of time and tears,  And I know just what I'd change  If went back in time somehow But there's nothing I can do about it now  Running through the changes Going through the stages  Coming round the corners in my life Leaving doubt to fate Staying out too late  Waiting for the moon to say goodniight  And I could cry for the time I've wasted  But that's a waste of time and tears And I know just what I'd change  If went back in time somehow But there's nothing I can do about it now.  I'm forgiving everything that forgiveness will allow  And there's nothing I can do about it now|Country
willienelson|The Highway|I drove in on the four lane Where the two lane used to be The highway hummed a near forgotten tune From 1963 The year I turned 18 and set my sights  And heard the highway call Now the highway’s come full circle To a place I scarce recall  There’s a girl I still remember Whose name I can’t recall I gave her what I had, but then She tried to take it all I stayed long enough to love her And then left her on the run Like a flower left to wither In that deep East Texas sun  There’s a place out on the highway Where I go to spend my time Where the bartenders all know me And the players are friends of mine And we light up on the brakes And talk of things that we all know But I’ve heard it all before And I’ll hear it all again And I’ve heard it said The highway never ends  So what about old handsome Johnny And the class of ’64? Did the women all make promises When they shipped him off to war? Did his mama get the medal And did his country ever win? Well, let’s drink a round to Johnny ‘Cuz he died for all our sins.  They’re still down there in the factories You can see ‘em in the mills They’ve sweated there for years, Lord I guess they always will. And you know they won’t be leaving And I can’t watch ‘em die that way So in my rear view mirror I’ll just watch them slip away  There’s a place out on the highway Where I go to spend my time Where the bartenders all know me And the players are friends of mine And we light up on the brakes And talk of things that we all know But I’ve heard it all before And I’ll hear it all again And I’ve heard it said The highway never ends  The highway never ends The highway never ends|Country
lorettalynn|After the Fire Is Gone|Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone  The bottle is almost empty The clock just now struck ten Darlin' I had to call you To our favorite place again  We know it's wrong for us to meet But the fire's gone out at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone  Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone  Your lips are warm and tender Your arms hold me just right Sweet words of love you remember That the one at home forgot  Each time we say is the last time But we keep hangin' on And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone  Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone|Country
willienelson|I Never Cared For You|The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all And the sky was never blue The stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  I know you won't believe these things I tell you No, you won't believe Your heart has been forewarned all men will lie to you  And your mind cannot conceive Now all depends on what I say to you And on your doubting me So I've prepared these statements far from true Pay heed and disbelieve  The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all The sky was never blue Stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  And the sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all Sky was never blue The stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  I never cared for you I never cared for you|Country
willienelson|If I Were A Painting|If I were a painting Captured on canvas Alone in the portrait I would stand And brush strokes bold Yet soft as a whisper The work of a feminine hand  Caught in a still life Surrounded by shadows And lost in a background of blue  If I were a painting My price would be pain And the artist would have to be you  I imagine the colors Would all run together If you ever allowed me to cry So don't paint the tears Just let me remember me Without you in my eyes  It's only the frame That holds me together Or else I would be falling apart  If I were a painting I wouldn't feel And you wouldn't be breaking my heart|Country
lorettalynn|Don't Tell Me You're Sorry|I'm sorry honey, that you walked in And caught her in my lap But it's not what you're thinking So think before you slap.  I suppose you're weighin' that little blonde That walked here in this bar Ah, don't tell me you're sorry  'Cause I know how sorry you are.  I'm sorry that you think I'm drunk I ain't had a drink today Would you believe I held her Just to see how much she'd weighed.  That cheatin' look that's on your face Is lit up like a star So don't tell me you're sorry 'Cause I know how sorry you are.  Don't tell me you're sorry But I'm as sorry as I can be Well, you'd better move fast and don't give me no sass 'Cause you belong to me.  Now honey, we ain't done nothing wrong But I'm sorry it's gone this far But don't tell me you're sorry 'Cause I know how sorry you are.  Don't tell me you're sorry But I'm as sorry as I can be Well, you'd better move fast and don't give me no sass 'Cause you belong to me.  Now honey, we ain't done nothing wrong But I'm sorry it's gone this far But don't tell me you're sorry 'Cause I know how sorry you are.  Now wait a minute, Loretta You know how sorry I am Conway, you better believe  I know how sorry you are...|Country
lorettalynn|Pickin' Wild Mountain Berries|Where you been, where you been. It's the same ole question again What's the use baby, what's the use  They ain't never gonna turn us loose.  You got dirt all over your face  And your lipstick is way out of place Oh, we gonna tell 'em  What we tell 'em every time before.  They won't leave us alone  They want us to come home We been busy makin' merries  And pickin' wild mountain berries.  We're pickin' wild mountain berries  That's our excuse every time We've been busy makin' merries  And pickin' wild mountain berries.  Conway, I don't know. Loretta, I don't know  If I can keep honey, from lettin' it show What's our plan, tell me what's our plan  Now you know they won't understand.  If my hair is a drippin' wet  And my clothes are soakin' wet And we didn't go skinny dippin'  In a cement pond.  You're my baby, you're my man, And though your hair is sure gettin' to be a mess And there ain't no berries in your bucket  Now we'll explain it honey, as best as we can.  They won't leave us alone  They want us to come home We been a busy makin' merries  And pickin' wild mountain berries.  We're pickin' wild mountain berries That's our excuse everytime We been a busy makin' merries  And pickin' wild mountain berries...|Country
lorettalynn|Take Me|Take me to your darkest room close every window and bolt every door The very moment I hear your voice I'll be in darkness no more Take me to your most barren desert a thousand miles from the nearest sea The very moment I saw your smile it would be like heaven to me  There's not any mountain too rugged to climb no desert too barren to cross Somewhere if you could just show a sign of love I could bear any call Take me to Siberia and to coldest weather of the wintertime It would be just like spring in California as long as I knew you were mine  There's not any mountain too rugged to climb no desert too barren to cross Somewhere if you could just show a sign of love I could bear any call Take me to Siberia and to coldest weather of the wintertime It would be just like spring in California as long as I knew you were mine Take me|Country
willienelson|Spirit|White Eagle crossed the big horn river, his pony's piled with furs Snow flower waited with the women of the tribe... Too many moons he'd been gone from her...  As the sunset led him homeward, he saw clouds of smoke above the trees. He cut his ponies loose, and rode just like the wind. He could smell the white man on the breeze.   Through the dust he say the ashes, his family and home. Sole survivor of the people, whose spirit he must carry on alone...  <i>[Bridge:]</i> He rides, the horizon... A silhouette painted on the moon-lit-sky... And he cry's for the ones he loves... With an anger in his blood, a pain inside his heart, and a spirit - That never dies...  White Eagle watched the fall of Custer, He died a hundred times at wounded knee. Walked with his homeless brothers, down the trail of tears On his path - through history...  And through the years...he sees the ashes, his family and home... Sole survivor of the people, who's spirit he must carry on alone.  <i>[Repeat Bridge and fade out]</i>|Country
willienelson|There You Are|It might be in the middle of the afternoon Maybe somewhere in the middle of the night I might not be thinking anything at all When a perfect stranger's face catches a certain light  And my heart jumps 'cause all at once There you are, standing right in front of me There you are, as lovely as you'll always be And here I go back into those memories Where you are still in love with me  I know I'll never hold you in my arms again I know I'll never hear you speak my name I look around this lonely room and I can see Your memory's the only thing that hasn't changed  And I close my eyes and every time There you are, standing right in front of me There you are, as lovely as you'll always be And here I go back into those memories Where you are still in love with me  There you are still in love with me|Country
willienelson|Mr. Record Man|Mr. Record Man I'm looking for a song I heard today  There was someone blue singing not someone who went away  Just like me his heart was yearning for a love that used to be  It's a lonely song about a lonely man like me  There was something bout a love that didn't treat him right  And he'd wake from troubled sleep and cry her name at night  Mr Record Man get this record for me won't you please  It's a lonely song about a lonely man like me   <i>[piano]</i>  I was driving down the highway with the radio turned on  And a man that I heard singing sound so blue and all alone  As I listen to his lonely song I wonder could it be  Could there somewhere be another lonely man like me  There was something bout a love...|Country
willienelson|If My World Didn't Have You|My world has midnight and daylight and sunsets and dawn And your eyes like two stars that I dream upon Sometimes I'm losing and sometimes I win Life likes to make me start over again And I don't know what I would do If my world didn't have you  If my world didn't have you Then I'd have no reason for my dreams to come true And somethings would just be too much to go through If my world didn't have you  We have good days and bad days and comfort and pain It all has a balance like sunshine and rain You share with me the blues and the grays And you are the key to the sense it all make No, I'd never find my way through If my world didn't have you  If my world didn't have you Then I'd have no reasons for my dreams to come true And somethings would just be too much to go through If my world didn't have you If my world didn't have you|Country
willienelson|A Horse Called Music|High on a mountain in western Montana A silhouette moves 'cross a cinnamon sky Riding alone on a horse he called Music With a song on his lips, and a tear in his eye  And he dreams of a time, and a lady that loved him And how he would sing her sweet lullabies But we don't ever ask him And he never talks about her I guess it's better to just let it slide  But he sang "ooh" to the ladies And ooh, he made some sigh Now he rides away on a horse he called Music With a pain in his heart and a tear in his eye  He rode the Music from Boston to Bozeman For not too much money, but way too much ride But those were the days when a horse he called Music Could jump through the moon and sail across the sky  Now all that's left is a time worn old cowboy With nothin' more than the sweet by-and-by And trailing along, is a horse with no rider A horse he called memories, that she used to ride  And he sang "ooh" to the ladies And ooh, he made 'em damn near lay down and die Now he rides away on a horse he called Music With a pain in his heart and a tear in his eyes  High on a mountain in western Montana Two crosses cut, through a cinnamon sky Marking the place where a horse he called Music Lays with a cowboy in the sweet by-and-by...|Country
willienelson|Is The Better Part Over|Is the better part over? Has a ragin' river turned into a stream? Is the better part over? Are we down to not quite sayin' what we mean?  And after thinkin' it over Wouldn't you rather have the endin' nice and clean Where love remains in all the closing scenes? If the better part's over  Why hang around For an endin' that's laden with sorrow? We've both been around We've both seen that movie before  And as much as I love you I can't live while fearin' tomorrow If the better part's over Then why should we try anymore?  Is the better part over? Has a ragin' river turned into a stream? Is the better part over? Are we down to not quite sayin' what we mean?  And after thinkin' it over Wouldn't you rather have the endin' nice and clean Where love remains in all the closing scenes Is the better part over?|Country
lorettalynn|It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels|As I sit here tonight the jukebox playing The tune about the wild side of life As I listen to the words you are saying It brings memories when I was a trusting wife.  It wasn't god who made honky tonk angels As you wrote in the words of you're song Too many times married men think they're still single That has caused many of good girls too go wrong.  It's a shame that all the blame is on us women It's not true that only you men feel the same From the start most every heart that's ever been broken Was because there always was a man to blame.  It wasn't god who made honky tonk angels  As you wrote in the words of your song Too many times married men think they're still single That had caused many of good girls too go wrong...|Country
willienelson|Shotgun Willie|Shotgun Willie sits around in his underwear Biting on a bullet and pulling out all of his hair Shotgun Willie's got all of his family there  Well, you can't make a record if you ain't got nothing to say You can't make a record if you ain't got nothing to say You can't play music if you don't know nothing to play  Shotgun Willie sits around in his underwear Biting on a bullet and pulling out all of his hair Shotgun Willie's got all of his family there  Now, John T. Floores was a-working for the Ku Klux Klan At six foot five, John T. was a hell of a man Made a lot of money selling sheets on the family plan  Shotgun Willie sits around in his underwear Biting on a bullet and pulling out all of his hair Shotgun Willie's got all of his family there|Country
willienelson|Whiskey River|Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   I'm drowning in a whiskey river, Bathing my mem'ried mind in the wetness of its soul. Feeling the amber current flowin' from my mind. And warm an empty heart you left so cold.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I'm drowning in a whiskey river, Bathing my mem'ried mind in the wetness of its soul. Feeling the amber current flowin' from my mind. And warm an empty heart you left so cold.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.|Country
willienelson|Sad Songs and Waltzes|I'm writing a song all about you A true song as real as my tears But you've no need to fear it 'Cause no one will hear it Sad songs and waltzes ain't selling this year  I'll tell all about how you cheated I'd like for the whole world to hear And I'd like to get even with you 'cause you're leaving But sad songs and waltzes ain't selling this year  And it's a good thing that I'm not a star You don't know how lucky you are Though my record will say it No one will play it 'Cause sad songs and waltzes ain't selling this year  And it's a good thing that I'm not a star You don't know how lucky you are Though my record will say it No one will play it 'Cause sad songs and waltzes ain't selling this year Sad songs and waltzes ain't selling this year|Country
willienelson|Local Memory|The lights go out each evening at eleven  And up and down our block there's not a sound  I close my eyes and search for peaceful slumber  And just then the local mem'ry comes around  Piles of blues against the door to make sure sleep will come no more  He's the hardest working mem'ry in this town  Turns out happiness againand then lets loneliness back in  And each night the local mem'ry comes around   <i>[guitar]</i>  Each day I say tonight I may escape him  I pretend I'm happy and never even a frown  But at night I close my eyes and pray sleep finds me  But again the local mem'ry comes around  Rids the house of all good news then sets out my crying shoes  What a faithful mem'ry never lets me down  We're both up till light of day chasing happiness away  And each night the local mem'ry comes around  And each night the local mem'ry comes around|Country
willienelson|Slow Down Old World|Slow down slow down old world  There's no hurry cause  My life ain't mine anymore  I lived too fast  Now it's too late to worry  And I'm too blue to cry anymore  I once was a fool for the women  Now I'm just a fool nothing more  So slow down slow down old world  There's no hurry cause  My life ain't mine anymore   <i>[steel - strings]</i>  I once had a way with the women  Till one got away with my heart  So slow down slow down old world  There's no hurry cause  My life ain't mine anymore  Cause my life ain't mine anymore|Country
lorettalynn|Wouldn't It Be Great|Wouldn't it be fine if you could say you love me Just one time with a sober mind? Wouldn't that be fine, now wouldn't that be fine?  Wouldn't it be great if you could love me first And let the bottle wait? Now wouldn't that be great, now wouldn't that be great?  Wouldn't it be great, hey, hey, wouldn't that be great? Throw the old glass crutch away and watch it break Wouldn't it be great, hey, hey, wouldn't that be great? Lord, it's for our sake, wouldn't that be great?  In the name of love, what's the man so great? Keep thinking of what a man he was In the name of love, in the name of love  Love went away when the sexy lace wouldn't turn his face The bottle took my place, love went to waste Wouldn't it be great, hey, hey, wouldn't that be great?  Wouldn't it be good? And I know You could if you just would Wouldn't that be good? And you know you should Wouldn't it be great, hey, hey, wouldn't that be great?|Country
willienelson|Devil in a Sleepin' Bag|We were headed home in Austin  Caught pneumonia on the road  Taking it home to Connie and the kids  A wheel ran off and jumped a railroad  Then ran through a grocery store   If you want to buy a bus I'm taking bids  And the devil shivered in his sleeping bag  He said traveling on the road is such a drag  If we can make it home by Friday we can brag  And the devil shivered in his sleeping bag   <i>[guitar]</i>  Well I just got back from New York City  Kris and Rita done it all  Raw perfection there for all the world to see  Lord I heard an angel singing  In the Philharmonic Hall  Rita Coolidge Rita Coolidge cleft for me  And the devil shivered...  And the devil shivered in his sleeping bag|Country
willienelson|She's Not for You|Pay no mind to her she only wants to play But she's not for you, she's not for you And I'm the only one who would let her act this way  But she's not for you, she's not for you  So she told you she found heaven in your eyes Well I think it only fair to warn you that sometimes she lies But it's your heart I can't tell you what to do  But she's not for you, she's not for you  She just looks for greener pastures now and then And when she grows tired she knows Old Faithful will just take her back again So just leave her here I'm used to feeling blue  But she's not for you, she's not for you|Country
willienelson|Bubbles in My Beer|Tonight in a bar alone  I'm sitting apart from  The laughter and the cheer Scenes from the past  Rise before me while  Watching the bubbles in my beer Visions of someone  Who loved me brings  Along salty tears to my eyes And I know that my life's  Been a failure  Watching the bubbles in my beer  I'm seeing the road  That I've travelled  A road paved  With heartaches and tears And I'm seeing the past  That I've wasted  Watching the bubbles in my beer Visions of someone who loved me...|Country
willienelson|You Look Like the Devil|You look like the devil in the morning you've been out a working through the night Holdin' hands and kissin' everybody I'm glad to say that you can't blow my mind  You look like the devil when you're cryin' I'm so glad that you feel so strong that way You got a great big smile for everybody I'm so glad I've met you yesterday <i>[steel]</i> You look like the devil in the morning... <i>[guitar]</i> You look like the devil when you're cryin'... I'm so glad I've met you yesterday|Country
willienelson|So Much to Do|My oatmeal tastes just like confetti the coffee's too strong so forget it The toast is burning well let it there's just so much to do since you've gone Too much to do all alone My tie's lost I can't find the sweater there's the doorbell I hope that's your letter My head aches I hope I feel better there's just so much to do since you've gone Too much to do all alone So much to do since you've gone too much to do all alone And time time rolls on like a river and oh there's just so much to do And I just can't do without you|Country
willienelson|A Song for You|Well I've been a lot of places in my life and time I've sung a lot of songs and I've made some bad rhyme I've acted out my love in stages with ten thousand people watchin' Now we're alone and I am singin' my song for you And I know your image of me is what I hope to be I've treated you unkindly but darling can't you see No one more important to me darling can't you please see through me Cause now we're alone and I am singing my song for you Well you taught me precious secrets of a truth with holding nothin' You came out in front but I was hiding Now I'm so much better and if my words don't come together Listen to the melody cause my love is in there hiding And I love you in a place where there's no space or time I love you for my life you are a friend of mine And when my life is over remember when we were together We were alone and I was singing my song for you And we were alone and I was singing my song for you|Country
lorettalynn|The State of Our Union|Ain't it crazy seems the world outside is bound to fall apart Ah but baby we know peace of mind is just a state of heart We're a winning combination with the will to carry on An undivided nation in a world of our own our own  You see the state of our union is strong We love each other and we get along If we fall we fall together never apart In this world of confusion the state of our union Is simply a matter of heart  Divided that's the reason many ships are going down United we know that ours will never run around We'll be beside each other through every setting sun With a course set on forever together we're one we're one  You see the state of our union is strong We love each other and we get along If we fall we fall together never apart In this world of confusion the state of our union Is simply a matter of heart  You see the state of our union is strong We love each other and we get along If we fall we fall together never apart In this world of confusion the state of our union Is simply a matter of heart|Country
willienelson|Pretend I Never Happened|Just pretend I never happened erase me from your mind You will not want to remember any love as cold as mine  I'll be leaving in the morning for a place I hope I find All the place must be better than the ones I leave behind I don't suppose you'll be unhappy you'll find ways to spend your time But if you ever think about me and if I ever cross your mind Just pretend I never happened... <i>[guitar]</i> I don't suppose you'll be unhappy... Just pretend I never happened... You will not want to remember any love as cold as mine|Country
lorettalynn|Lovin' What Your Lovin' Does to Me|My heart was at a standstill your touch shook me up You made me see what I'd missed now I can't get enough I fit so right in your world you set my heart on go On the coldest day of winter our love would melt the snow  Our love is hotter than the fire that swept Chicago Deeper than the Gulf of Mexico Sweeter than the sugar cane down in Louisiana Here with you is where I wanna be I'm lovin' what your lovin' does to me  Your love struck me like a bolt out of the blue The first thing that I knew I was givin' it all to you Mhm you make it happen whenever I'm with you The longest day of summer couldn't warm me like you do  Our love was stronger than the winds that hit Biloxi Taller than the hills of Tennessee More movin' than the earthquakes that shake up California Here with you is where I wanna be I'm lovin' what your lovin' does to me  Our love is hotter than the fire that swept Chicago Deeper than the Gulf of Mexico Sweeter than the sugar cane down in Louisiana Here with you is where I wanna be I'm lovin' what your lovin' does to me  Our love is hotter than the fire that swept Chicago Deeper than the Gulf of Mexico Sweeter than the sugar cane down in Louisiana Here with you is where I wanna be I'm lovin' what your lovin' does to me|Country
lorettalynn|I'd Rather Have What We Had|It used to be blue nun there in room 3-2-1 Over the river where we weren't well known Now it's two coffees then off to the office Then back in the driveway and sittin' at home  Sneakin' around with me being tied down with me Which one would you rather have be honest Dying to be with me watchin' TV with me Is this what we wanted so bad I'd rather have what we had  We carefully planned it what our hearts demanded No more motel rooms no more cheatin' lies Now we're lookin' at it a neatly wrapped package But open it up and there's no surprise  Sneakin' around with me being tied down with me Which one would you rather have be honest Dying to be with me watchin' TV with me Is this what we wanted so bad I'd rather have what we had|Country
willienelson|Sister's Coming Home / Down at the Corner Beer Joint|Sister's coming home mama's gonna let her sleep the whole day long the whole day long Sister's coming home mama's gonna let her sleep the whole day long Sister's coming home mama don't like the man that done her wrong that done her wrong Sister's coming home mama don't like the man that done her wrong <i>[guitar - fiddle]</i> Sister's coming home mama's gonna let her sleep the whole day long the whole day long Sister's coming home mama's gonna let her sleep the whole day long The mirror's gonna tell her how long she's been gone  Down at the corner beer joint dancin' on the rock'n roll Sister likes to do it Lord sister likes to move her soul Down at the corner beer joint dancin' on a hardwood floor Her jeans fit a little bit tighter than they did before Than they did before than they did before Lord her jeans fit a little bit tighter than they did before Than they did before than they did before Lord her jeans fit a little bit tighter than they did before <i>[steel]</i> Down at corner beer joint dancing to the rock'n roll Sister likes to do it Lord sister likes to move her soul Down at corner beer joint dancing on the hardwood floor Her jeans fit a little bit tighter than they did before Than they did before than they did before LWell her jeans fit a little bit tighter than they did before She likes to move her soul she likes to move her soul Sister likes to do it Lord sister likes to move her soul|Country
lorettalynn|Right in the Palm of Your Hand|A willin' woman a willin' man A five room house and a wedding band Believers believers Once it begins you know it don't take long Till you're like two people in a heartbreak song And I wonder I wonder  Ain't it just like a woman Yeah and ain't it just like a man Chasin' a rainbow lookin' for love When it's right in the palm of your hand  We can't take back those things we said So we watch it pass in separate beds we're Changin' we're changin' Too little love and too much pride You won't give in and neither will lie We're like children children  Ain't it just like a woman Yeah and ain't it just like a man Chasin' a rainbow lookin' for love When it's right in the palm of your hand  Feet on the floor holdin' my head Sittin' alone on the edge of bed I been thinking thinking Tryin' to find where we went wrong I just turned around Lord and you were gone And it's over oh it's over  Ain't it just like a woman Yeah and ain't it just like a man Chasin' a rainbow lookin' for love When it's right in the palm of your hand  Ain't it just like a woman Yeah and ain't it just like a man Chasin' a rainbow lookin' for love When it's right in the palm of your hand Right in the palm of your hand Right in the palm of your hand|Country
lorettalynn|Silent Partner|Let's do business invest in you and me I'm makin' you an offer that you can't refuse You don't tell my woman and I won't tell your man I guarantee you just can't lose  Yes I'll be your silent partner undercover secret style Yes I'll be your silent partner I'll be your lover for awhile  Let's keep quiet and no need to publicize No one knows what no one tells And how bout me staying in the middle of the afternoon And work out all the small details  Yes I'll be your silent partner undercover secret style Yes I'll be your silent partner I'll be your lover for awhile  We can profit once we organize Keep our company on the side  Yes I'll be your silent partner undercover secret style Yes I'll be your silent partner I'll be your lover for awhile  Will you be my silent partner I'll keep it undercover like a child Won't you be my silent partner Wanna be your lover for awhile  Won't you be my silent partner undercover secret style Will you be my silent partner I'll be your lover for awhile|Country
lorettalynn|I Still Believe in Waltzes|I pushed him away and tearfully said I'm just not that kind of girl You might think I'm square cause you've been around And you're wise in the ways of the world I know that makin' it's takin' for granted it's all easy come easy go He pulled me close and whispered now darlin' There's somethin' I want you to know  I still believe in waltzes and girls with old fashioned ways I still believe in love songs and the good in the good old days I've always liked happy endings somebody's dream coming true I still believe in waltzes and dancing the last one with you  He slipped into bed I turned over and said I'm worried you're workin' so late It's just your job that keeps you away Lord I know the temptations are great I'm just a wife I'm just a mama that's not too exciting I know He pulled me close and whispered those same words He told me that not long ago  I still believe in waltzes and girls with old fashioned ways I still believe in love songs and the good in the good old days I've always liked happy endings somebody's dream coming true I still believe in waltzes and I'll dance the last one with you We still believe in waltzes|Country
lorettalynn|We've Been Strong Long Enough|He's married to you I'm not But that don't stop me from wantin' what he's got So tonight we'll take the time the time for love It may be wrong but we've been long strong enough  We've been strong long enough For some time we had in mind to be weak enough That's the night we call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  We'll lay it all out on the line You show me your love and I'll show you mine And I'll remember things she's so forgetful of It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  We've been strong long enough For some time we had in mind to be weak enough That's the night we call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  She's married to you I'm not That don't stop me from wantin' what she's got Tonight's the night we'll call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  We've been strong long enough For some time we had in mind to be weak enough That's the night we call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  We've been strong long enough For some time we had in mind to be weak enough That's the night we call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough  We've been strong long enough For some time we had in mind to be weak enough That's the night we call each others bluff It may be wrong but we've been strong long enough|Country
willienelson|Bloody Mary Morning|It's a Bloody Mary morning,  Baby left me without warning  Sometime in the night  So I'm flyin' down to Houston  Forgetting her's the nature of my flight   As we taxi toward the runway  With the smog and haze  Reminding me of how I feel  Just a country boy who's learnin'  That the pitfalls of the city  Are extremely real   All the night life and the parties  And temptation and deceit  The order of the day  Well it's a Bloody Mary mornin'  Cause I'm leavin' baby somewhere in LA  It's a Bloody Mary morning...   <i>[guitar]</i>  Our golden jet is airborn  And flight Fifty cuts a path  Across the mornin' sky  And a voice comes on the speaker  Reassuring us flight Fifty  Is the way to fly   And a hostess takes our order  Coffee tea or something stronger  To start off the day  Well it's a Bloody Mary morning  Cause I'm leavin' baby somewhere in LA  It's a bloody mary morning...|Country
lorettalynn|If I Ever Had to Say Goodbye to You|If I ever had to say goodbye to you Let the world come to an end it wouldn't matter to me then I wouldn't want to live with just your memory Deep inside myself I never would be free This life would hold no happiness for me  I could never say hello to someone new If I looked into her eyes I'd be ashamed and I despise Myself for trying to recapture what was gone Just an imitation dream to wish upon I'd only hurt her and that kind of love is wrong  If I ever had to say goodbye to you I can't imagine where I go or what I'll do There's no way I could face the world alone Like a puppy dog lost and scared without a home  So please stay with me until our time is through Let me look into your heart know that we can never part And I will always try to make you happy too And the tears I shed are for a love that's true  You make me laugh you make me cry You make me want to live or die If I'll ever have to say goodbye Goodbye to you|Country
lorettalynn|Van Lear Rose|One of my fondest memories Was sittin' on my daddy's knee Listenin' to the stories that he told  He'd pull out that old photograph Like a treasured memory from the past  And say child This here's the Van Lear Rose  Oh how it would bring a smile  When he talked about her big blue eyes And how her beauty ran down to her soul She'd walk across the coal miner's yard  Them miner's would yell loud and hard  and they'd dream of who would hold The Van Lear Rose  <i>[Chorus:]</i> She was the belle of Johnson County Ohio river to Big Sandy A beauty to behold like a diamond in the coal All the miner's they would gather 'round  Talk about the man that came to town Right under their nose  Stole the heart of the Van Lear Rose  Now the Van Lear Rose could've had her pick And all the fellers figured rich Until this poor boy caught her eye His buddies would all laugh and say Your dreamin' boy she'll never look your way You'll never ever hold the Van Lear Rose  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Then one night in mid July Underneath that ol' blue Kentucky sky Well, that poor boy won that beauty's heart Then my daddy would look at my mommy and smile As he brushed the hair back from my eyes and he'd say Your mama She's the Van Lear Rose  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Right under their nose Stole the heart of the Van Lear Rose|Country
lorettalynn|Portland, Oregon|Well Portland Oregon and sloe gin fizz If that ain't love then tell me what is Well I lost my heart it didn't take no time But that ain't all. I lost my mind in Oregon  In a booth in the corner with the lights down low I was movin' in fast she was takin' it slow Well I looked at him and caught him lookin' at me I knew right then we were playin' free in Oregon  Next day we knew last night got drunk But we loved enough for the both of us In the morning when the night had sobered up It was much too late for the both of us in Oregon  Well sloe gin fizz works might fast  When you drink it by the pitcher and not by the glass  Hey bartender before you close Pour us one more drink and a pitcher to go  And a pitcher to go <i>[repeat]</i>|Country
lorettalynn|Trouble on the Line|I can't understand a word your sayin' We've got a bad connection on our minds Communications one thing we never seem to find Oh Lord I'm sorry, but theres trouble on the line  All I get is static when we're talkin' You say my line is out of order all the time We have nothin' left in common Your thoughts are not like mine Oh Lord I'm sorry, but theres trouble on the line  There's trouble on the line From your heart to mine Oh Lord I'm sorry but we're not gettin through  <i>[Chorus:]</i> The storm keeps gettin worse Lord, we might as well quit tryin Oh Lord I'm Sorry, but theres trouble on the line Oh Lord I'm Sorry, but theres trouble on the line  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
willienelson|I Still Can't Believe You're Gone|This is the very first day since you left me And I've tried to put my thoughts in a song All I can hear myself singing baby is I still can't believe you're gone I still can't believe that you'd leave me what did I do that was so wrong And there's just too many unanswered questions And I still can't believe that you're gone But you're gone I'm alone and I'm still living I don't like it but I'll take it till I'm strong And all that I can hear myself saying baby is I still can't believe you're gone And I still can't believe you're gone|Country
willienelson|It's Not Supposed to Be That Way|It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to control you  Like the other little children You're gonna dream a dream or two But be careful what you're dreamin' Or soon your dreams'll be dreamin' you  It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you  When you go out to play this evenin' Play with fire flies till they're gone Then you rush to meet your lover And play with real fire till the dawn  But it's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you  When you go out to play this evenin' Play with fire flies till they're gone Then you rush to meet your lover And play with real fire till the dawn  But it's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know that I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you|Country
lorettalynn|Family Tree|Woman you don't know me But you can bet that I know you Everybody in this whole darn town Knows you too.  I brought along our little babies 'Cause I wanted them to see The woman that's burning down Our family tree.   No, I didn't come to fight If he was a better man I might But I wouldn't dirty my hands On trash like you, no.  Bring out the babies, daddy That's who they've come to see Not the woman that's burning down Our family tree   Their daddy once was a good man Until he ran into trash like you Take a look at baby's face And tell me who loves who.  I brought along his ole dog Charlie And the bills that's overdue The job your workin' Lord, we need money too.  No, I didn't come to fight If he was a better man I might But I wouldn't dirty my hands On trash like you, no.  Bring out the babies, daddy That's who they've come to see Not the woman that's burning down Our family tree.  No, not the woman that's burning down Our family tree...|Country
willienelson|Heaven and Hell|Well sometimes it's heaven and sometimes it's hell sometimes I don't even know Sometimes I take it as far as I can and sometimes I don't even go My front tracks're found for a cold water and my back tracks're covered with snow Sometimes it's heaven sometimes it's hell sometimes I don't even know <i>[steel - piano]</i> Heaven ain't walkin' on a street paved with gold and hell ain't a mountain of fire Heaven is layin' in my sweet baby's arms hell is when baby ain't there Well my front tracks're found... Well sometimes it's heaven and sometimes it's hell sometimes I don't even know|Country
lorettalynn|Have Mercy|Have mercy on me baby I'm down upon my knees Have mercy on me baby I'll do just as you please Well you know that I love you I'll put noone else above you Have mercy on me baby, have mercy  Have mercy on me baby Please have a little heart Have mercy on me baby You're tearing me apart The way that you do me  You know you done got to me Have mercy on me baby, have mercy  She's got you hypnotized And your brain is paralyzed You know she's only playing with you Like a puppet on a string Remember just one thing She can't love you like I do, no  Have mercy on me baby Please give this heart a break Have mercy on me baby I'll do just what it takes You know you won't regret it So hey there now I said it Have mercy on me baby, have mercy  Have mercy Have mercy on me baby Have mercy on me baby Have mercy on me  Have mercy on me baby Please have mercy on me|Country
lorettalynn|High on a Mountain Top|<i>[Chorus:]</i> High on a mountain top  We live, we love, and we laugh a lot Folks up here know what they got  High on a mountain top  High on a mountain top   Where the rest of the world's  Like a little bitty spot  I ain't comin down no never I'm not  High on a mountain top  High on a mountain top  Where I come from the mountain flowers grow wild  The blue grass sways like it's goin out of style  God fearin' people simple and real  'Cause up on the ridge folks that's the deal  Well my daddy worked down in the dark coal mine  Shovelin' that coal one shovel at a time  Never made a lot money didn't have much  But we're high on life and rich in love   <i>[Chorus]</i>  Well down in the holler lived my uncle Joe  He'd pull out his fiddle and rosin his bow  We'd all sing and dance  And we ain't gonna stop  When the moon shine flows behind every rock   <i>[Chorus]</i>  Well we lay on our backs and we count the stars 'cause up here folks heaven's not that far   <i>[Chorus]</i>  High on a mountain top  High on a mountain top|Country
willienelson|Do Right Woman, Do Right Man|Take her to heart  And she'll always love you  And nobody can make her do wrong  But take her for granted  Leavin' your love unshown  Makes will power weak  And temptation strong  A woman's only human  This you should understand  She's not just a plaything  She's flesh and blood  Just like her man  And if you want  A do right all day's woman  You gotta be  A do right all night's man   <i>[guitar]</i>  A woman's only human  This you should understand  She's not just a plaything  She's flesh and blood  Just like her man  And if you want  A do right all day's woman  You gotta be  A do right all night's man|Country
willienelson|Always on My Mind|Maybe I didn't love you Quite as often as I could have And maybe I didn't treat you Quite as good as I should have If I made you feel second best Girl I'm sorry I was blind  You were always on my mind You were always on my mind  And maybe I didn't hold you All those lonely, lonely times I guess I never told you I'm so happy that you're mine Little things I should have said and done I just never took the time  But you were always on my mind You were always on my mind  Tell me Tell me that your sweet love hasn't died And give me Give me one more chance To keep you satisfied I'll keep you satisfied  <i>[Instrumental Interlude]</i>  Little things I should have said and done I just never took the time  But you were always on my mind You were always on my mind You were always on my mind You were always on my mind|Country
willienelson|A Whiter Shade of Pale|We skipped the light fandango And turned cartwheels cross the floor. I was feeling kind of seasick But the crowd called out for more. The room was humming harder And the ceiling flew away When we called out for another drink The waiter brought a tray And so it was that later As the miller told his tale That her face at first just ghostly Turned a whiter shade of pale.  She said There is no reason, And the truth is plain to see, But I wandered through my playing cards And would not let her be One of sixteen vestal virgins Who were leaving for the coast And although my eyes were open They might just just have well been closed. And so it was that later As the miller told his tale That her face at first just ghostly Turned a whiter shade of pale.  <i>[Additional lyrics sung in concert]</i>  She said she wanted shore leave Tho in truth we were at sea So I took her by a looking glass And forced her to agree Saying you must be the mermaid Who took Neptune for a ride Well she smiled at me so sadly That my anger straightway died And so it was...|Country
lorettalynn|Little Red Shoes|I was 11 months old I was just starting to walk And Daddy always kept a big stick behind the door just in case  Somebody was to come in that was drunk on moonshine,  You know, and Daddy had to do something about it Anyway, this woman, we called her old Aunt Boyd, She come in and she was telling  Mommy about her, uh, husband, she thinks is going out with this woman in Paintsville So she reared back with that big stick showing  Mommy how she was going to hit this woman in the head with it And when she went back with it, she hit me in the head  And Mommy said I cried for 5 days And she said I, that fifth night,  I had a great big knot that show up right in the middle of my forehead And, you know, the only thing I remember,  I don't remember no pain, but I just remember Mommy  And Daddy carrying me in this old quilt that Mommy had made out of overhalls The knots kept getting bigger and bigger so she took me to the doctor And that stuff called mesitor, something like that Mommy said it made both ears flat to my face and I ain't got very big ears And told Mommy that I would, that I was going to die And that happened like four times so I didn't walk till I was almost 5 It was... It was kind of a mess...  Oh I forgot about the shoes, Well shoot, I hadn't... I'd never had a pair of shoes And Mommy had went...  Took me to the hospital, you know, to see what that was...  If they couldn't do something But they wouldn't keep me because Mommy and Daddy didn't have no money They just tell 'em to take me home and let me die, you know,  Because there wasn't nothing they could do about That kind of disease, I guess And, um, Mommy told Daddy,  Says "Ted, you take her down the street, you carry her down the street..." and said, "...let me try this store here," and Mommy went in and told them the story that I was dying,  That she had to carry me twelve miles to town  And twelve miles back and that I had no shoes That place, I think it was Murphy's 5 and 10 and they're still there in Paintsville, Kentucky And I think that they told Mommy that they wasn't in business to give shoes away Mommy told Daddy, says, "Carry Loretta on down a little farther,"  Said, "and let me stop in another store..." And Mommy went right back to the same store When the guy's back was turned she stole these little red shoes And I remember on the big'old bridge that went across the river It went way up high and was...  I've always been scared of that bridge that took me across the big Sandy River Mommy pulled them out from under that yellow jacket that she was wearing And she was putting them red shoes on me  And I thought them was the prettiest things I ever saw in my life And Daddy started crying And I wondered why And he said, "Clerie, we're not going to make it home," And Mommy put the shoes on me And Daddy took off running and run all the way ahead t'Butcher Holler with me And Mommy never had a chance to carry me any farther And that's almost twelve miles that Daddy run with me But Daddy knew that the cops was going to get us He left Mommy standing and he took off in a dead run I remember him running but I didn't know what for  And I remember asking Mommy,  "Mommy, why is Daddy running?" I remember her hollering,  "To put your little red shoes away, honey, when you get home." <i>[Laughs]</i>  Can you believe that? So I wrote a song called "Put My Little Red Shoes Away,"  You know, they're my little red shoes and I don't want 'em to get... to be dirty...|Country
willienelson|Let It Be Me|I bless the day I found you I want to stay around you And so I beg you, let it be me  Don't take this Heaven from one If you must cling to someone Now and forever, let it be me  Each time we meet love I find complete love And without your sweet love what would life be?  So never leave me lonely Tell me, you love me only And that you'll always let it be me  Each time we meet love I find complete love And without your sweet love what would life be?  So never leave me lonely Tell me, you love me only And that you'll always let it be me|Country
willienelson|Staring Each Other Down|You're hangin' on his arm  She's holdin' mine  A fool must have said love was blind  We're shouting I love you's  With people all around  And they don't hear one sound  Let her eyes do the talkin'  And her eyes do the walkin'  And her eyes do the slippin'  Around staring each other down   And we're both on to  How long a slow song  Would be for us now  This timebomb we're holding  Is so near exploding right down  So let her eyes do the talkin'  And eyes do the walkin'  Her eyes do the slippin'  Around staring each other down  Staring each other down|Country
lorettalynn|God Makes No Mistakes|Why, I've heard people say Why is this tree bent Why they don't have God enough to know That's the way that it was meant why is this little baby born all twisted and out of shape We're not to question what he does God makes no mistakes  Why I've heard people say Why is my child blind Why is that old drunk still livin When a daddy like mine is dyin our blessed father gives us life has the power to take it away There's no reason for what he does God makes no mistakes  Why I've heard people say God cannot be alive And all the things people say Has to be a lie When they're down and out And they need a hand And their very souls at stake If they'll call on him and just believe God makes no mistakes|Country
willienelson|Bridge Over Troubled Water|When you're weary, feeling small, When tears are in your eyes, I will dry them all; I'm on your side. When times get rough And friends just can't be found, Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down.  When you're down and out, When you're on the street, When evening falls so hard I will comfort you. I'll take your part. When darkness comes And pain is all around, Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down. Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down.   Sail on silvergirl, Sail on by. Your time has come to shine. All your dreams are on their way. See how they shine. If you need a friend I'm sailing right behind. Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind. Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind.|Country
lorettalynn|Women's Prison|I'm in a women's prison with bars all around I caught my darlin cheatin that's when I shot him down I caught him in a honky-tonk with a girl I used to know The door to my cell is open wide and a voice cries out oh no  The judge says I'm guilty my sentence is to die I know I've been forgiven but the price of love is high  The crowd outside is screamin' let the murderer die But above all their voices I can hear my mama cry  I'm sittin' here on death row and Lord I've lost my mind For love I've killed my darlin and for love I'll lose my life  I can hear the warden coming From the clinging of his keys But when they come to get me He'll have to drag me off my kness The door to my cell swings open It's time for me to go The priest is reading my last rights He says dying's part of livin' ya know  And there's a crowd outside screamin' let that murderer fry But above all their voices You can hear my mama cry  Now they've strapped me in the chair And covered up my eyes And the last voice I hear on Earth Is my mama's cry|Country
lorettalynn|This Old House|Oh, if this old house could talk What a story it would tell It would tell about the good times And the bad times as well It would tell about the love  That lived and died inside these walls And the sound of little footsteps  Runnin' up and down the hall  Oh, if this old house could talk  It would break my heart in two I couldn't stand to be reminded  Of all the things we used to do There's no love in this old house no more So I got it up for sale Why, if this old house could talk What a story it would tell  Oh, if this old house could talk I know what it would say I'm as lonesome as you are And I feel nonempty everyday Well, I even miss the babies  Who built me up to feel this way Why, if this old house could talk Lord, I know what it would say  If this old house could talk What a story it would tell We built this home together And with love we drove each nail Take me in your arms and hold me 'Cause we've been apart too long Why if this old house could talk All it would say is welcome home|Country
willienelson|Permanently Lonely|Don't be concerned it's time I learned  That those who play with fire get burned  But I'll be alright in a little while  But you'll be permanently lonely  Don't be too quick to pity me  Don't salve my heart with sympathy  Cause I'll be alright in a little while  But you'll be permanently lonely  The world looks on with wonder  And pity at your kind  Cause it knows that the future  Is not very pretty for your kind for your kind  Will always be runnin' and wonderin'  What's happened to hearts that you've broken  And left all alone  But we'll be alright in a little while  But you'll be permanently lonely  Runnin' lonely|Country
lorettalynn|Mrs. Leroy Brown|I've been in and out of every honky tonk in town And I'm almost drunk from the drinks  That I've turned down Well, you told me you'd be happy Bouncin' babies on your knee While I sit at home alone And I've been bouncin three Yeah, and I'm tired of it too  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I'm gonna call myself a long pick limousine Yeah, believe it or not it's the prettiest thing I think I've ever seen There's a big bar in the corner, and a TV on the side This baby's 60 feet long and 40 feet wide  Hey driver pull this car, buddy, right inside the bar Take it on back to the big ol' blonde  That thinks she's a movie star I'm gonna grab her by her phony ponytail I'm gonna sling her around and around When she wakes up she'll know she met up With Mad Mrs. Leroy Brown  Well the smokes so dog gone thick You could cut it with a knife And the music so loud You can hear the same line twice Hey Leroy Brown, how do you like my big old pink limo I just drawed all your money outta the bank today Honey, you don't have no mo'  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
lorettalynn|Miss Being Mrs.|I lie here all alone, In my bed of memories I'm dreamin' of your sweet kiss, Oh, how you loved on me.  I can almost feel you with me, Here in this blue moonlight, Oh, I miss being Mrs., tonight  Like so many other hearts, Mine wanted to be free, I've been put here every day, Since you've been away from me  My reflection in the mirror, It's such a hurtful sight, Oh I miss being Mrs. tonight Oh I miss being Mrs. tonight  And how I loved them loving arms, That once held me so tight, I took off my wedding band, And put it on my right hand, I miss being Mrs. tonight.  Oh I miss being Mrs. tonight And how I loved them loving arms, That once held me so tight, I took off my wedding band, And put it on my right hand, I miss being Mrs. tonight Oh, I miss being Mrs. tonight|Country
lorettalynn|Story of My Life|Well here's the story of my life Listen and I'll tell it twice  Well I was born in hold Kentucky In them hills where folks are lucky And it's paradise to me  Well I got a feller right over the hill If he asks me to marry well I know I will He asked me to marry got kids of four And I'm telling you  I don't want no more  Doo got me a guitar  I wrote me a song Moved to Nashville, it wasn't long 'Till I was on the Grand Ole Opry  We bought us a mansion on a hill Livin big like we were big deals Scarlett O'Hara in Gone  With the Wind I was pregnant again Oh gee, oh Lord, I swear The babies are comin' in pars  Well some big shot form Hollywood Thought a movie about my life would be good It was a big hit made a big splash What I wanna know is what happened to the cash  No me and Doo, married forty-eight years Six kids later a lot of laughter and tears I have to say that I've been blessed Not bad for this ol' Kentucky girl I guess Well, here's the story of y life Listen and I'll tell it twice|Country
willienelson|Stardust|Sometimes I wonder why I spend Such lonely nights Oh baby lonely nights Dreaming of a song The melody haunts my reverie And I am once again with you When our love was new, oh baby And each kiss an inspiration Now that baby you know was long ago  Oh beside a garden wall When stars are bright You are in my arms The nightingale tells his fairy tale A paradise where roses bloom  Though I dream in vain In my heart it will remain baby My stardust melody Oh memory oh memory oh memory|Country
willienelson|Georgia on My Mind|Georgia, Georgia, The whole day through Just an old sweet song Keeps Georgia on my mind  I'm say Georgia Georgia A song of you Comes as sweet and clear As moonlight through the pines  Other arms reach out to me Other eyes smile tenderly Still in peaceful dreams I see The road leads back to you  I said Georgia, Ooh Georgia, no peace I find Just an old sweet song Keeps Georgia on my mind  Other arms reach out to me Other eyes smile tenderly Still in peaceful dreams I see The road leads back to you  Georgia, Georgia, No peace, no peace I find Just this old, sweet song Keeps Georgia on my mind  I said just an old sweet song, Keeps Georgia on my mind|Country
willienelson|Blue Skies|I bless the day I found you I want to stay around you And so I beg you, let it be me  Don't take this heaven from one If you must cling to someone Now and forever, let it be me  Each time we meet love I find complete love Without your sweet love what would life be  So never leave me lonely Tell me you love me only And that you'll always let it be me  Each time we meet love I find complete love Without your sweet love what would life be  So never leave me lonely Tell me you love me only And that you'll always let it be me|Country
willienelson|All of Me|All of me Why not take all of me Can't you see That I'm no good without you Take my arms I want to lose them Take my lips I'll never use them  Your goodbye Left me with eyes that cry And I know that I Am no good without you You took the part That once was my heart So why not take all of me  <i>[Repeat both verses]</i>  Why not take all of me|Country
willienelson|The Party's Over|Turn out the lights  The party's over  They say that  All good things must end  Call it tonight  The party's over  And tomorrow starts The same old thing again   But the crazy crazy party  Never seen so many people  Laughing dancing  Look at you you're having fun  But look at me  I'm almost cryin'  That don't keep her love from dyin'  Misery cause for me the party's over  Turn out the lights...   Once I had a love undyin'  I didn't keep it but I tried  Life for me was just one party  And then another  I broke her heart so many times  I had to have my parting wife  I had to have my party  Why broke her heart so many times  But one day she said  Sweetheart the party's over  Turn out the lights...|Country
willienelson|Unchained Melody|Oh my love, my darling I've hungered for your touch, A long lonely time Time goes by so slowly, And time can do so much Are you still mine? I need your love, I need your love God speed your love to me.  Lonely rivers flow to the sea, to the sea, To the open arms of the sea Lonely rivers syies, Wait for me, Wait for me I'll be coming home, Wait for me  Time goes by so slowly, And time can do so much Are you still mine? I need your love, I need your love God speed your love to me.  God speed your love to me.|Country
willienelson|September Song|Oh, it's a long, long while  From May to December  But the days grow short,  When you reach September.  When the autumn weather  Turn leaves to flame  One hasn't got time  For the waiting game.   Oh the days dwindle down  To a precious few . . .  September, November . . .  And these few precious days  I'll spend with you.  These precious days  I'll spend with you.  Oh the days dwindle down  To a precious few . . .  September, November . . .  And these few precious days  I'll spend with you.  These precious days  I'll spend with you. These precious days  I'll spend with you.|Country
willienelson|On the Sunny Side of the Street|Grab your coat and get your hat leave your worry on the doorstep Just direct your feet to the sunny side of the street Can't you hear a pitter pat and that happy tune is your step Life can be so sweet on the sunny side of the street I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade But I'm not afraid this rover crossed over If I never have a cent I'll be rich as Rockefeller Gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street  I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade But I'm not afraid this rover crossed over If I never have a cent I'll be rich as Rockefeller Gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street|Country
willienelson|Moonlight in Vermont|Pennies in a stream falling leaves a sycamore moonlight in Vermont  Icy fingers waves ski trails on a mountain side snow light in Vermont  Telegraph cables they swing down the highway and travel each bend in the road  People who meet in this romantic setting are so hypnotized by the lovely  Evening summer breeze warbling of a meadow lark moonlight in Vermont   <i>[harmonica]</i>  Telegraph cables...  You and I and moonlight in Vermont|Country
willienelson|Don't Get Around Much Anymore|Missed the Saturday dance  Heard they crowded the floor  Couldn't bear it without you  Don't get around much anymore  Thought I'd visit the club  Got as far as the door  They'd have asked me about you  Don't get around much anymore  Darling, I guess my mind's more at ease  But nevertheless why stir up memories  Been invited on dates  Might have gone but what for  Awfully different without you  Don't get around much anymore   <i>[guitar]</i>  Darling, I guess my mind's more at ease  But nevertheless why stir up memories  Been invited on dates  Might have gone but what for  Awfully different without you  Don't get around much anymore|Country
willienelson|Someone to Watch Over Me|There is somebody I'm longing to see I hope that she Turns out to be Someone who'll watch over me I'm a little lamb Who's lost in the wood I know I could Always be good To one who'll watch over me Although she may not be the girl Some men think of As pretty To my heart She carries the key Won't you tell her please To put on some speed Follow my lead Oh, how I need Someone to watch over me Although she may not be the girl Some men think of As pretty To my heart She carries the key Won't you tell her please To put on some speed Follow my lead Oh how I need Someone to watch Over me Someone to watch Over me|Country
willienelson|I'm a Memory|I'm a game that you used to play  I'm a plan that you didn't lay so well  I'm a fire that burns in your mind  Close your eyes I'm a memory  I'm a love that you know from a song  I'm a voice on a green telephone  And I'm a day that lasted so long  Close your eyes I'm a memory   I'm a dream that comes with the night  And I'm a face that fades with the light  And I'm a tear that falls out of sight  Close your eyes I'm a memory|Country
willienelson|I Gotta Get Drunk|Well I gotta get drunk and I sure do dread it Cuz I know just what I'm gonna do I'll start to spend my money callin' everybody honey And I'll wind up singin' the blues I'll spend my whole paycheck on some old wreck And brother I can name you a few Well I gotta get drunk and I sure do dread it Cuz I know just what I'm gonna do  I gotta get drunk, I just can't stay sober There's a lot of good people in town Who like to see me holler, see me spend my dollar And I wouldn't dream of lettin' 'em down There's a lot of doctors tell me That I'd better start slowing it down But there's more old drunks than there are old doctors So I guess we'd better have another round  <i>[Repeat first verse]</i>|Country
willienelson|Mona Lisa|Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa, men have named you You're so like the lady with the mystic smile Is it only because you're lonely they have blamed you? For that Mona Lisa strangeness in your smile?  Do you smile to tempt a lover, Mona Lisa? Or is this your way to hide a broken heart? Many dreams have been brought to your doorstep They just lie there and they die there Are you warm, are you real, Mona Lisa? Or just a cold and lonely lovely work of art?  Do you smile to tempt a lover, Mona Lisa? Or is this your way to hide a broken heart? Many dreams have been brought to your doorstep They just lie there and they die there Are you warm, are you real, Mona Lisa? Or just a cold and lonely lovely work of art?  Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa|Country
willienelson|Exactly Like You|I know why I waited Know why I've been blue I've been waiting each day For someone exactly like you  Why should I spend some money On a show or two When nobody sings these love songs Exactly like you  You make me feel so grand I wanna give this world to you You make me understand These foolish little dreams I'm dreaming And schemes I'm scheming  Now I know why my mama She taught me to be true She knew just around the corner Was somebody like you  You make me feel so grand I wanna give this world to you Baby you make me understand These foolish little dreams I'm dreaming And schemes I'm scheming  Now I know why my mama She taught me to be true She knew just around the corner Yes she knew just around the corner Was somebody like you|Country
willienelson|Who's Sorry Now?|Who's sorry now, who's sorry now Whose heart is achin' for breakin' each vow Who's sad and blue, who's cryin' too Just like I cried over you.  Right to the end, just like a friend I tried to warn you somehow You had your way, now you must pay I'm glad that you're sorry now.  Right to the end just like a friend I tried to warn you somehow You had your way, now you must pay I'm glad that you're sorry now.  <i>[REPEAT]</i>|Country
willienelson|Won't You Ride in My Little Red Wagon|Won't you ride in my little red wagon I'd love to pull you down the street And I know all the kids will be jealous When they see my playmate so sweet  Hold tight till we come to the hilltop Gonna coast down the hill, you and me Won't you ride in my little red wagon For you are my sweetheart to be  Hold tight till we come to the hilltop Gonna coast down the hill, you and me Won't you ride in my little red wagon For you are my sweetheart to be You are my sweetheart to be|Country
willienelson|Over the Rainbow|Somewhere over the rainbow Way up high There's a land that I heard of Once in a lullaby   Somewhere over the rainbow Skies are blue And the dreams that you dare to dream Really do come true   Some day I'll wish upon a star And wake up where the clouds are far behind me Where troubles melt like lemondrops Away above the chimney tops That's where you'll find me   Somewhere over the rainbow Bluebirds fly Birds fly over the rainbow Why then, oh why can't I? Some day I'll wish upon a star And wake up where the clouds are far behind me Where troubles melt like lemondrops Away above the chimney tops That's where you'll find me   Somewhere over the rainbow Bluebirds fly Birds fly over the rainbow Why then, oh why can't I?   If happy little bluebirds fly Beyond the rainbow Why, oh why can't I?|Country
willienelson|In My Mother's Eyes|One bright and guiding light That taught me wrong from right I found in my mother's eyes  Those baby tales she told Of streets are paved with gold I found I found I found in my mother's eyes  Just like a wandering sparrow One lonely soul I walk the straight and narrow Just to reach my goal  God's gift sent from above A real real real unselfish love I found I found in my mother's eyes Just like a wandering sparrow  One lonely soul I walk the straight and narrow Just to reach my goal  Oh God's gift sent from above Just a real a real a real unselfish love Oh I found I found in my mother's eyes I found I found in my mother'sin my mother's eyes|Country
willienelson|I'm Gonna Sit Right Down and Write Myself a Letter|I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter And make believe it came from you  I'm gonna write words oh so sweet They're gonna knock me off my feet A lotta kisses on the bottom I'll be glad I got 'em  I'm gonna smile and say I hope you're feeling better I'll close with love the way you do I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter And I'm gonna make believe it came from you  Oh yeah  I'm gonna write words oh so sweet They're gonna knock me off my feet A lotta kisses on the bottom I'll be glad I got 'em  Oh yeah  I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter And I'm make believe it came from you Oh yeah I'm gonna make believe it came from you  Oh yeah|Country
willienelson|Yesterday's Wine|Miracles appear  In the strangest of places  Fancy meeting you here  The last time I saw you  Was just out of Houston  Sit down let me buy you a beer  Your presence is welcome  With me and my friend here  This is a hangout of mine  We come here quite often  And listen to music  Partaking of yesterday's wine  Yesterday's wine  I'm yesterday's wine  Aging with time  Like yesterday's wine  Yesterday's wine  We're yesterday's wine  Aging with time  Like yesterday's wine   You give the appearence  Of one widely travelled  I'll bet you've seen  Things in your time  So sit down beside me  And tell me your story  If you think  You'll like yesterday's wine  Yesterday's wine  We're yesterday's wine  Aging with time  Like yesterday's wine   <i>[guitar]</i>  Yesterday's wine  We're yesterday's wine  Aging with time  Like yesterday's wine|Country
willienelson|Half a Man|If I'd only had one arm to hold you better yet if I had none at all Then I wouldn't have two arms that ache for you there'd be one less mem'ry to recall If I'd only had one ear to listen to the lies that you told to me Then I more closely resemble the half a man that you've made of me <i>[strings + piano]</i> If I'd only had one leg to stand on then how much how much truer picture you'd see For then I more closely resemble the half a man that you've made of me|Country
willienelson|Midnight Rider|I gotta run to keep from hidin'; I'm bound to keep on ridin'. An' I got one more silver dollar, An' I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   Well, these ain't my clothes I'm wearin', An' this ol' road goes on forever. An' I got one more silver dollar, An' I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   Well, I've gone by the point of carin'; Some ol' bed, I'll soon be sharin'. An' I got one more silver dollar, An' I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   An' I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.   I ain't gonna let 'em catch me, no: I ain't gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider.|Country
willienelson|Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star|Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are. Up above the world so high, Like a diamond in the sky. Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!  When the blazing sun is gone, When he nothing shines upon, Then you show your little light, Twinkle, twinkle, all the night. Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!  Then the traveler in the dark Thanks you for your tiny spark; He could not see which way to go, If you did not twinkle so. Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!  In the dark blue sky you keep, While you thro' my window peep, And you never shut your eye, Till the sun is in the sky, Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!|Country
willienelson|Good Times|When I ran to the store with a penny And when youth was abundant and plenty Classify these as good times Good times  When I rolled rubber tires in the driveway Pulled a purse, on a string, across the highway Classify these as good times Good times  Good times are coming, humming, mmm Good times are coming, humming, mmm  Go to school, fight a war, working steady Meet a girl, fall in love, before I'm ready Classify these as good times Good times  Here I sit with a drink and a memory But I'm not cold, I'm not wet, and I'm not hungry So, classify these as good times Good times  Good times are coming, humming, mmm Good times Good times are coming, humming, mmm|Country
willienelson|Nothing I Can Do About It Now|I've got a long list of real good reasons For all the things I've done I've got a picture in the back of my mind  Of what I've lost and what I've won I've survived every situation  Knowing when to freeze and when to run And regret is just a memory written on my brow  And there's nothing I can do about it now.  I've got a wild and a restless spirit  I held my price through every deal I've seen the fire of a woman's scorned  Turn her heart of gold to steal I've got the song of the voice inside me  Set to the rhythm of the wheel And I've been dreaming like a child  Since the cradle broke the bow  And there's nothing I can do about it now.  Running through the changes  Going through the stages  Coming round the corners in my life Leaving doubt to fate  Staying out too late  Waiting for the moon to say goodniight  And I could cry for the time I've wasted  But that's a waste of time and tears,  And I know just what I'd change  If went back in time somehow But there's nothing I can do about it now  Running through the changes Going through the stages  Coming round the corners in my life Leaving doubt to fate Staying out too late  Waiting for the moon to say goodniight  And I could cry for the time I've wasted  But that's a waste of time and tears And I know just what I'd change  If went back in time somehow But there's nothing I can do about it now.  I'm forgiving everything that forgiveness will allow  And there's nothing I can do about it now|Country
willienelson|December Day|This looks like a December day. This looks like a "time to remember" day. And I remember the spring, such a sweet tender thing. And love's summer college, Where the green leaves of knowledge, Were waiting to fall with the Fall.   And where September wine, Numbed the measure of time. Through the tears of October, now November's over, And this looks like a December day.   This looks like a December day. It looks like we've come to the end of the way. And as my memories race back to love's eager beginning, Reluctant to play with the thoughts of the ending: The ending that won't go away.   And as my memories race back to love's eager beginning, Reluctant to play with the thoughts of the ending: The ending that won't go away.   And this looks like a December day.|Country
willienelson|Sweet Memories|My world is like a river as dark as it is deep  Night after night the past slips in and gathers all my sleep  My days are just an endless stream of emptiness to me  Filled only by the fleeting moments of her memories  Sweet memories sweet memories hmm   She slipped into the silence of my dreams last night  Wondering from room to room turning on each light  Her laughter spills like water from the river to the sea  And I'm swept away from sadness clinging to her memories  Sweet memories sweet memories hmm|Country
willienelson|Little Things|I hope I won't disturb you with this call  I'm just in town for such a little while  And I thought perhaps you'd like to hear the news  Jeannie's grades were the highest in the school  Billy sure does look a lot like you  I understand your other son does too  And Billy said tell mom I miss her so  These were some little things  I thought you'd like to know   Remember Sam and Peg who lived next door  With them it seemed we always laughed so much  Well Sam and Peg don't live there anymore  I understand they broke up just like us  The house we lived in now has been torn down  Of all the things we owned the last to go  A freeway now runs through that part of town  These were some little things that  I thought you'd like to know  These were some little things that  I thought you'd like to know|Country
willienelson|The Highway|I drove in on the four lane Where the two lane used to be The highway hummed a near forgotten tune From 1963 The year I turned 18 and set my sights  And heard the highway call Now the highway’s come full circle To a place I scarce recall  There’s a girl I still remember Whose name I can’t recall I gave her what I had, but then She tried to take it all I stayed long enough to love her And then left her on the run Like a flower left to wither In that deep East Texas sun  There’s a place out on the highway Where I go to spend my time Where the bartenders all know me And the players are friends of mine And we light up on the brakes And talk of things that we all know But I’ve heard it all before And I’ll hear it all again And I’ve heard it said The highway never ends  So what about old handsome Johnny And the class of ’64? Did the women all make promises When they shipped him off to war? Did his mama get the medal And did his country ever win? Well, let’s drink a round to Johnny ‘Cuz he died for all our sins.  They’re still down there in the factories You can see ‘em in the mills They’ve sweated there for years, Lord I guess they always will. And you know they won’t be leaving And I can’t watch ‘em die that way So in my rear view mirror I’ll just watch them slip away  There’s a place out on the highway Where I go to spend my time Where the bartenders all know me And the players are friends of mine And we light up on the brakes And talk of things that we all know But I’ve heard it all before And I’ll hear it all again And I’ve heard it said The highway never ends  The highway never ends The highway never ends|Country
willienelson|I Never Cared For You|The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all And the sky was never blue The stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  I know you won't believe these things I tell you No, you won't believe Your heart has been forewarned all men will lie to you  And your mind cannot conceive Now all depends on what I say to you And on your doubting me So I've prepared these statements far from true Pay heed and disbelieve  The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all The sky was never blue Stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  And the sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all Sky was never blue The stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  I never cared for you I never cared for you|Country
willienelson|Pages|Last evening, I turned by the pages of time. And tore out the chapters when you were mine. I attempted to cut out the memories of you. And paste in some new ones, far better an' true. True.   I searched through the chapters, referring to hearts, for the one with the caption: "Till death do us part." I ripped at each letter an' I tore at each word. I screamed at your memory an' nobody heard. Nobody heard.   But your memory's determined, and chances are few, Of my ever finding a replacement for you. It depserately clings to the floor of my mind, And fights for its place in the pages of time.|Country
willienelson|If I Were A Painting|If I were a painting Captured on canvas Alone in the portrait I would stand And brush strokes bold Yet soft as a whisper The work of a feminine hand  Caught in a still life Surrounded by shadows And lost in a background of blue  If I were a painting My price would be pain And the artist would have to be you  I imagine the colors Would all run together If you ever allowed me to cry So don't paint the tears Just let me remember me Without you in my eyes  It's only the frame That holds me together Or else I would be falling apart  If I were a painting I wouldn't feel And you wouldn't be breaking my heart|Country
willienelson|Spirit|White Eagle crossed the big horn river, his pony's piled with furs Snow flower waited with the women of the tribe... Too many moons he'd been gone from her...  As the sunset led him homeward, he saw clouds of smoke above the trees. He cut his ponies loose, and rode just like the wind. He could smell the white man on the breeze.   Through the dust he say the ashes, his family and home. Sole survivor of the people, whose spirit he must carry on alone...  <i>[Bridge:]</i> He rides, the horizon... A silhouette painted on the moon-lit-sky... And he cry's for the ones he loves... With an anger in his blood, a pain inside his heart, and a spirit - That never dies...  White Eagle watched the fall of Custer, He died a hundred times at wounded knee. Walked with his homeless brothers, down the trail of tears On his path - through history...  And through the years...he sees the ashes, his family and home... Sole survivor of the people, who's spirit he must carry on alone.  <i>[Repeat Bridge and fade out]</i>|Country
willienelson|She's Still Gone|I wake up in the morning with my arms around my pillow  Then suddenly I realize I only hold a pillow you're not there you're not there  I call your name and hear my voice run searching through the hallway  To return alone confirming all I've known for so long I'm alone you're still gone  Still half asleep I stumble to the kitchen for my coffee  My footsteps match my heartbeats funny heartbeats on linoleum  The sounds all wrong you're still gone  The sounds outside reminding me the world won't wait forever  And understanding saves don't stand by empty graves  You're on your own all alone she's still gone|Country
willienelson|There You Are|It might be in the middle of the afternoon Maybe somewhere in the middle of the night I might not be thinking anything at all When a perfect stranger's face catches a certain light  And my heart jumps 'cause all at once There you are, standing right in front of me There you are, as lovely as you'll always be And here I go back into those memories Where you are still in love with me  I know I'll never hold you in my arms again I know I'll never hear you speak my name I look around this lonely room and I can see Your memory's the only thing that hasn't changed  And I close my eyes and every time There you are, standing right in front of me There you are, as lovely as you'll always be And here I go back into those memories Where you are still in love with me  There you are still in love with me|Country
willienelson|Mr. Record Man|Mr. Record Man I'm looking for a song I heard today  There was someone blue singing not someone who went away  Just like me his heart was yearning for a love that used to be  It's a lonely song about a lonely man like me  There was something bout a love that didn't treat him right  And he'd wake from troubled sleep and cry her name at night  Mr Record Man get this record for me won't you please  It's a lonely song about a lonely man like me   <i>[piano]</i>  I was driving down the highway with the radio turned on  And a man that I heard singing sound so blue and all alone  As I listen to his lonely song I wonder could it be  Could there somewhere be another lonely man like me  There was something bout a love...|Country
willienelson|Ashamed|I'm so ashamed of my eyes cause they still cry for you After they both watched my hand wave goodbye to you I've told them time and time again that this will never do And I've told them how you always laughed at teardrops I'm so ashamed of my arms for missing you Last night I woke up just in time to see them reach for you And now my heart confesses it's still wants you too I'm so ashamed of them all for loving you|Country
willienelson|A Wonderful Yesterday|Today's gonna make a wonderful yesterday  One on which I know that I can look back and smile  And with you here with me the hours have flown away  And today's gonna make a wonderful yesterday  Today we have made a thousand and one memories  That we can recall when today is a sweet used to be  And with you in my arms the future seems so far away  And today's gonna make a wonderful yesterday|Country
willienelson|If My World Didn't Have You|My world has midnight and daylight and sunsets and dawn And your eyes like two stars that I dream upon Sometimes I'm losing and sometimes I win Life likes to make me start over again And I don't know what I would do If my world didn't have you  If my world didn't have you Then I'd have no reason for my dreams to come true And somethings would just be too much to go through If my world didn't have you  We have good days and bad days and comfort and pain It all has a balance like sunshine and rain You share with me the blues and the grays And you are the key to the sense it all make No, I'd never find my way through If my world didn't have you  If my world didn't have you Then I'd have no reasons for my dreams to come true And somethings would just be too much to go through If my world didn't have you If my world didn't have you|Country
willienelson|A Horse Called Music|High on a mountain in western Montana A silhouette moves 'cross a cinnamon sky Riding alone on a horse he called Music With a song on his lips, and a tear in his eye  And he dreams of a time, and a lady that loved him And how he would sing her sweet lullabies But we don't ever ask him And he never talks about her I guess it's better to just let it slide  But he sang "ooh" to the ladies And ooh, he made some sigh Now he rides away on a horse he called Music With a pain in his heart and a tear in his eye  He rode the Music from Boston to Bozeman For not too much money, but way too much ride But those were the days when a horse he called Music Could jump through the moon and sail across the sky  Now all that's left is a time worn old cowboy With nothin' more than the sweet by-and-by And trailing along, is a horse with no rider A horse he called memories, that she used to ride  And he sang "ooh" to the ladies And ooh, he made 'em damn near lay down and die Now he rides away on a horse he called Music With a pain in his heart and a tear in his eyes  High on a mountain in western Montana Two crosses cut, through a cinnamon sky Marking the place where a horse he called Music Lays with a cowboy in the sweet by-and-by...|Country
willienelson|Is The Better Part Over|Is the better part over? Has a ragin' river turned into a stream? Is the better part over? Are we down to not quite sayin' what we mean?  And after thinkin' it over Wouldn't you rather have the endin' nice and clean Where love remains in all the closing scenes? If the better part's over  Why hang around For an endin' that's laden with sorrow? We've both been around We've both seen that movie before  And as much as I love you I can't live while fearin' tomorrow If the better part's over Then why should we try anymore?  Is the better part over? Has a ragin' river turned into a stream? Is the better part over? Are we down to not quite sayin' what we mean?  And after thinkin' it over Wouldn't you rather have the endin' nice and clean Where love remains in all the closing scenes Is the better part over?|Country
willienelson|Shotgun Willie|Shotgun Willie sits around in his underwear Biting on a bullet and pulling out all of his hair Shotgun Willie's got all of his family there  Well, you can't make a record if you ain't got nothing to say You can't make a record if you ain't got nothing to say You can't play music if you don't know nothing to play  Shotgun Willie sits around in his underwear Biting on a bullet and pulling out all of his hair Shotgun Willie's got all of his family there  Now, John T. Floores was a-working for the Ku Klux Klan At six foot five, John T. was a hell of a man Made a lot of money selling sheets on the family plan  Shotgun Willie sits around in his underwear Biting on a bullet and pulling out all of his hair Shotgun Willie's got all of his family there|Country
willienelson|Whiskey River|Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   I'm drowning in a whiskey river, Bathing my mem'ried mind in the wetness of its soul. Feeling the amber current flowin' from my mind. And warm an empty heart you left so cold.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I'm drowning in a whiskey river, Bathing my mem'ried mind in the wetness of its soul. Feeling the amber current flowin' from my mind. And warm an empty heart you left so cold.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.|Country
willienelson|Sad Songs and Waltzes|I'm writing a song all about you A true song as real as my tears But you've no need to fear it 'Cause no one will hear it Sad songs and waltzes ain't selling this year  I'll tell all about how you cheated I'd like for the whole world to hear And I'd like to get even with you 'cause you're leaving But sad songs and waltzes ain't selling this year  And it's a good thing that I'm not a star You don't know how lucky you are Though my record will say it No one will play it 'Cause sad songs and waltzes ain't selling this year  And it's a good thing that I'm not a star You don't know how lucky you are Though my record will say it No one will play it 'Cause sad songs and waltzes ain't selling this year Sad songs and waltzes ain't selling this year|Country
willienelson|Local Memory|The lights go out each evening at eleven  And up and down our block there's not a sound  I close my eyes and search for peaceful slumber  And just then the local mem'ry comes around  Piles of blues against the door to make sure sleep will come no more  He's the hardest working mem'ry in this town  Turns out happiness againand then lets loneliness back in  And each night the local mem'ry comes around   <i>[guitar]</i>  Each day I say tonight I may escape him  I pretend I'm happy and never even a frown  But at night I close my eyes and pray sleep finds me  But again the local mem'ry comes around  Rids the house of all good news then sets out my crying shoes  What a faithful mem'ry never lets me down  We're both up till light of day chasing happiness away  And each night the local mem'ry comes around  And each night the local mem'ry comes around|Country
willienelson|Slow Down Old World|Slow down slow down old world  There's no hurry cause  My life ain't mine anymore  I lived too fast  Now it's too late to worry  And I'm too blue to cry anymore  I once was a fool for the women  Now I'm just a fool nothing more  So slow down slow down old world  There's no hurry cause  My life ain't mine anymore   <i>[steel - strings]</i>  I once had a way with the women  Till one got away with my heart  So slow down slow down old world  There's no hurry cause  My life ain't mine anymore  Cause my life ain't mine anymore|Country
willienelson|Down to Our Last Goodbye|This was my last mistake  That's all her heart could take  Now we're down to our last goodbye   Her lips won't kiss me now  The lips that I taught how  Now we're down to our last goodbye   What can I tell her  That I haven't told her  That would change her mind  Cause she heard that line before  Now all that's left for me  Is just the memory of all  Those happy days gone by  Now we're down to our last goodbye  What can I tell her  That I haven't told her  That would change her mind  Cause she heard that line before  Now all that's left for me  Is just the memory of all  Those happy days gone by  Now we're down to our last goodbye|Country
willienelson|Devil in a Sleepin' Bag|We were headed home in Austin  Caught pneumonia on the road  Taking it home to Connie and the kids  A wheel ran off and jumped a railroad  Then ran through a grocery store   If you want to buy a bus I'm taking bids  And the devil shivered in his sleeping bag  He said traveling on the road is such a drag  If we can make it home by Friday we can brag  And the devil shivered in his sleeping bag   <i>[guitar]</i>  Well I just got back from New York City  Kris and Rita done it all  Raw perfection there for all the world to see  Lord I heard an angel singing  In the Philharmonic Hall  Rita Coolidge Rita Coolidge cleft for me  And the devil shivered...  And the devil shivered in his sleeping bag|Country
willienelson|She's Not for You|Pay no mind to her she only wants to play But she's not for you, she's not for you And I'm the only one who would let her act this way  But she's not for you, she's not for you  So she told you she found heaven in your eyes Well I think it only fair to warn you that sometimes she lies But it's your heart I can't tell you what to do  But she's not for you, she's not for you  She just looks for greener pastures now and then And when she grows tired she knows Old Faithful will just take her back again So just leave her here I'm used to feeling blue  But she's not for you, she's not for you|Country
willienelson|Buddy|Laugh with me, buddy  Jest with me, buddy  Don't let her get the best of me, buddy  Don't ever let me start feelin' lonely  If I ever needed you, buddy  You know how I really do, buddy  Don't ever let me start feelin' lonely  I cry at the least little thing, buddy  And I'll die if you mention her name, buddy  Talk to me, buddy  Stay with me, buddy  Let's don't let her get the best of me, buddy  Let's talk about things as they were, buddy  Before I got mixed up with her, buddy  Laugh with me buddy  Jest with me, buddy  Let's don't let her get the best of me, buddy|Country
willienelson|Bubbles in My Beer|Tonight in a bar alone  I'm sitting apart from  The laughter and the cheer Scenes from the past  Rise before me while  Watching the bubbles in my beer Visions of someone  Who loved me brings  Along salty tears to my eyes And I know that my life's  Been a failure  Watching the bubbles in my beer  I'm seeing the road  That I've travelled  A road paved  With heartaches and tears And I'm seeing the past  That I've wasted  Watching the bubbles in my beer Visions of someone who loved me...|Country
willienelson|Did I Ever Love You|Did I ever ever love you?  Did I ever really care?  All the times that I cried for you  Did I really want you there?  Wiser man then I have wondered  About love and never knew  Did I ever love you?  I guess I still do   All the nights that I spent cryin'  All those lonely loss of times  Was it my imagination?  Was it only in my mind?  Wiser man then I have wondered  About love and never knew  Did I ever love you?  I guess I still do|Country
willienelson|Touch Me|Touch me, touch the hand of a man  Who once owned all the world  And touch, me touch the arms  That once held all the charms  Of the world's sweetest girl  Touch me, maybe someday you may  Need to know how it feels when you lose  And so touch me, you'll know  How you feel with the blues   Watch me, watch the eyes  That have seen all the heartache  And pain in the land  And be thankful you're happy though  Standing so close to the world's bluest man  Don't forget me, take a good look  At someone who's lost everything he can lose  And then touch me and you'll know  How you'd feel with the blues   <i>[guitar]</i>  Don't forget me take a good look...|Country
willienelson|Wake Me When It's Over|Gettin' tired now gotta get some sleep now  Guess I've been worried much too long  And don't wake me till it's over  When the need for you is gone  I was so happy before I loved you  I'm gonna be like I was before  And don't wake me till it's over  When I don't want you anymore   My mind is gettin' weak now gotta get some sleep now  I gotta rest my achin' head  I just wanna lay here just let me stay here  Till the blues get up and leave my bed  Good night, darling  Good night, darling  Good night forevermore  And don't wake me till it's over  When I won't want you anymore  My mind is gettin' weak now...|Country
willienelson|You Look Like the Devil|You look like the devil in the morning you've been out a working through the night Holdin' hands and kissin' everybody I'm glad to say that you can't blow my mind  You look like the devil when you're cryin' I'm so glad that you feel so strong that way You got a great big smile for everybody I'm so glad I've met you yesterday <i>[steel]</i> You look like the devil in the morning... <i>[guitar]</i> You look like the devil when you're cryin'... I'm so glad I've met you yesterday|Country
willienelson|Hello Walls|Hello walls, (Hello, hello.) How'd things go for you today? Don't you miss her. Since she up and walked away? And I'll bet you dread to spend another lonely night with me, But lonely walls, I'll keep you company.   Hello window, (Hello, hello.) Well, I see that you're still here. Aren't you lonely, Since our darlin disappeared? Well look here, is that a teardrop in the corner of your pane? Now don't you try to tell me that's it's rain.   She went away and left us all alone the way she planned. Guess we'll have to learn to get along without her if we can.   Hello ceiling, (Hello, hello.) I'm gonna stare at you a while. You know I can't sleep, So won't you bear with me a while? We gotta all stick together or else I'll lose my mind. I gotta feelin' she'll be gone a long, long time.   (Hello, hello wall.)|Country
willienelson|Funny How Time Slips Away|Well, hello there My, it's been a long, long time How am I doing? Oh, I guess that I'm doing fine It's been so long now But it seems now, that it was only yesterday Gee, ain't it funny, how time slips away  How's your new love? I hope that he's doing fine I heard you told him That you'd love him till the end of time Now, that's the same thing that you told me Seems like just the other day Gee, ain't it funny, how time slips away  I gotta go now I guess I'll see you around Don't know when though Never know, when I'll be back in town But remember, what I tell you In time you're gonna pay And it's surprising, how time slips away...|Country
willienelson|Crazy|I'm crazy Crazy for feeling so lonely I'm crazy Crazy for feeling so blue  I knew that you'd love me as long as you wanted And then someday you'd leave me for somebody new  Worry Why do I let myself worry Wondering What in the world did I do  I'm crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for trying And crazy for crying And I'm crazy for loving you  I'm crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for trying And crazy for crying And I'm crazy for loving you|Country
willienelson|So Much to Do|My oatmeal tastes just like confetti the coffee's too strong so forget it The toast is burning well let it there's just so much to do since you've gone Too much to do all alone My tie's lost I can't find the sweater there's the doorbell I hope that's your letter My head aches I hope I feel better there's just so much to do since you've gone Too much to do all alone So much to do since you've gone too much to do all alone And time time rolls on like a river and oh there's just so much to do And I just can't do without you|Country
willienelson|A Song for You|Well I've been a lot of places in my life and time I've sung a lot of songs and I've made some bad rhyme I've acted out my love in stages with ten thousand people watchin' Now we're alone and I am singin' my song for you And I know your image of me is what I hope to be I've treated you unkindly but darling can't you see No one more important to me darling can't you please see through me Cause now we're alone and I am singing my song for you Well you taught me precious secrets of a truth with holding nothin' You came out in front but I was hiding Now I'm so much better and if my words don't come together Listen to the melody cause my love is in there hiding And I love you in a place where there's no space or time I love you for my life you are a friend of mine And when my life is over remember when we were together We were alone and I was singing my song for you And we were alone and I was singing my song for you|Country
willienelson|The Part Where I Cry|Life is a picture and I play the lead but my biggest line was goodbye  Now my leading lady has walked out on me and this is the part where I cried  I was great in the scene where she found someone new  You should have seen my look of surprise  And if you'll have just walk into the picture this is the part where I cry   And after the picture is over and it's judged for the part where you lied  The award of the chiefment that's given will be mine for the part where I cried  I was great in the scene...|Country
willienelson|Three Days|Three days that I dread to see arrive  Three days that I hate to be alive  Three days filled with tears and sorrow  Yesterday, today and tomorrow   There are three days I know that I'll be blue  Three days that I'll always dream of you  And it does no good to wish these days would end  'Cause the same three days start over again   Three days that I dread be alive  Three days that I hate to see arrive  Three days filled with tears and sorrow  Yesterday, today and tomorrow   There are three days I know that I'll be blue  Three days that I'll always dream of you  And it does no good to wish these days would end  'Cause the same three days start over again   Three days that I dread to see arrive  Three days that I hate to be alive  Three days filled with tears and sorrow  Yesterday, today and tomorrow   Three days  Three days ...|Country
willienelson|One Step Beyond|I'm just one step before losin' you. And I'm just one step ahead of the blues. But I know that there's been pain an' misery. Long before this old world had ever heard of me. And I know it will hurt to see you go, But we'll just add one more heartache to the score. And though I still love you as before, I'm just one step beyond carin' any more.   <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Bet that you're surprised that I could feel this way, After stayin' home an' waitin' night and day. For someone who cared so much for me, You'd come home just long enough to laugh at me. I don't know just when my feelin's changed, I just know I could never feel the same, And though I still love you as before, I'm just one step beyond carin' any more.|Country
willienelson|Undo the Right|If you can't say you love me say you hate me And that you regret each time you held me tight If you can't be mine forever please forsake me If you can't undo the wrong undo the right It was right when you loved me only But wrong when you held another tight And before you go away and leave me lonely If you can't undo the wrong undo the right It's too late to say your heart is filled with sorrow You can't undo what's done why do you try And before you go away and leave me lonely If you can't undo the wrong undo the right <i>[steel]</i> It's too late to say... And if you can't undo the wrong undo the right|Country
willienelson|Pretend I Never Happened|Just pretend I never happened erase me from your mind You will not want to remember any love as cold as mine  I'll be leaving in the morning for a place I hope I find All the place must be better than the ones I leave behind I don't suppose you'll be unhappy you'll find ways to spend your time But if you ever think about me and if I ever cross your mind Just pretend I never happened... <i>[guitar]</i> I don't suppose you'll be unhappy... Just pretend I never happened... You will not want to remember any love as cold as mine|Country
willienelson|Darkness on the Face of the Earth|The morning that you left me was just another day How could I see the sorrow that had found me Then you left and told me that I was in your way And I turned and ran as heaven fell around me I stumbled through the darkness my footsteps were unsure I live within a world that had no sunshine When you left me darling my world came to an end And there was darkness on the face of the earth The stars fell out of heaven and the moon could not be found The sun was in a million pieces scattered all around Why did you ever leave me you knew how it would hurt And now there's darkness on the face of the earth <i>[guitar]</i> The stars fell out of heaven... And now there's darkness on the face of the earth|Country
willienelson|Where My House Lives|Stop here across the street to your right  That's where my house lives  Sometimes I stayed there at night  But mostly I was on the move  Business first you know  And she'd wait there in her lonely room  But oh that's been so long ago  She's gone now  She couldn't stand to be alone  And now it waits there  This house that used to be my home  I never go there cause it holds  Too many memories since she's gone  But right there is where  My house lives all alone   <i>[guitar]</i>  She's gone now...|Country
willienelson|Sister's Coming Home / Down at the Corner Beer Joint|Sister's coming home mama's gonna let her sleep the whole day long the whole day long Sister's coming home mama's gonna let her sleep the whole day long Sister's coming home mama don't like the man that done her wrong that done her wrong Sister's coming home mama don't like the man that done her wrong <i>[guitar - fiddle]</i> Sister's coming home mama's gonna let her sleep the whole day long the whole day long Sister's coming home mama's gonna let her sleep the whole day long The mirror's gonna tell her how long she's been gone  Down at the corner beer joint dancin' on the rock'n roll Sister likes to do it Lord sister likes to move her soul Down at the corner beer joint dancin' on a hardwood floor Her jeans fit a little bit tighter than they did before Than they did before than they did before Lord her jeans fit a little bit tighter than they did before Than they did before than they did before Lord her jeans fit a little bit tighter than they did before <i>[steel]</i> Down at corner beer joint dancing to the rock'n roll Sister likes to do it Lord sister likes to move her soul Down at corner beer joint dancing on the hardwood floor Her jeans fit a little bit tighter than they did before Than they did before than they did before LWell her jeans fit a little bit tighter than they did before She likes to move her soul she likes to move her soul Sister likes to do it Lord sister likes to move her soul|Country
willienelson|Suffering in Silence|I think I should speak to you, stranger. Your problem is clear now to me. You think that the whole world's against you, An' you tell everyone that you see.   Just suffer in silence, speak no bitter words. The world offers no sympathy. Though trouble surrounds you, an' you long to be heard, Just suffer in silence, like me.   I'll give you a lesson in living, And I hope it stays with you a while. You're the reason for all of your sorrows, So just suffer in silence, and smile.   Just suffer in silence, speak no bitter words. The world offers no sympathy. Though trouble surrounds you, an' you long to be heard, Just suffer in silence, like me.|Country
willienelson|Bloody Mary Morning|It's a Bloody Mary morning,  Baby left me without warning  Sometime in the night  So I'm flyin' down to Houston  Forgetting her's the nature of my flight   As we taxi toward the runway  With the smog and haze  Reminding me of how I feel  Just a country boy who's learnin'  That the pitfalls of the city  Are extremely real   All the night life and the parties  And temptation and deceit  The order of the day  Well it's a Bloody Mary mornin'  Cause I'm leavin' baby somewhere in LA  It's a Bloody Mary morning...   <i>[guitar]</i>  Our golden jet is airborn  And flight Fifty cuts a path  Across the mornin' sky  And a voice comes on the speaker  Reassuring us flight Fifty  Is the way to fly   And a hostess takes our order  Coffee tea or something stronger  To start off the day  Well it's a Bloody Mary morning  Cause I'm leavin' baby somewhere in LA  It's a bloody mary morning...|Country
willienelson|Hold Me Tighter|I thought if I could be with you  Maybe I'd feel better  But I'm afraid I took advantage of your love  I thought if you'd just hold me tight  Maybe I'd forget her  But I don't suppose as yet  You've held me tight enough  Please hold me tighter  I still remember  Put your arms around me  Hold me close, hold me tight and long  Please hold me tighter  I still remember  And I can't love again  Until her mem'ry's gone   <i>[steel]</i>  Please hold me tighter...|Country
willienelson|Go Away|Go away; can't you see I'm cryin'? Go back to the new love that you've found. Don't sweet talk me, 'cause I ain't listenin', And you'll only make things worse by hangin' round.   I know that I'd be crazy, If I took you back again. But this foolish heart of mine, Might just weaken and give in. So go away, I feel much better when you're gone. For you're the one who made me cry. Now let me cry alone.   I know that I'd be crazy, If I took you back again. But this foolish heart of mine, Might just weaken and give in. So go away, I feel much better when you're gone. For you're the one who made me cry. Now let me cry alone.|Country
willienelson|I Still Can't Believe You're Gone|This is the very first day since you left me And I've tried to put my thoughts in a song All I can hear myself singing baby is I still can't believe you're gone I still can't believe that you'd leave me what did I do that was so wrong And there's just too many unanswered questions And I still can't believe that you're gone But you're gone I'm alone and I'm still living I don't like it but I'll take it till I'm strong And all that I can hear myself saying baby is I still can't believe you're gone And I still can't believe you're gone|Country
willienelson|It's Not Supposed to Be That Way|It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to control you  Like the other little children You're gonna dream a dream or two But be careful what you're dreamin' Or soon your dreams'll be dreamin' you  It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you  When you go out to play this evenin' Play with fire flies till they're gone Then you rush to meet your lover And play with real fire till the dawn  But it's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you  When you go out to play this evenin' Play with fire flies till they're gone Then you rush to meet your lover And play with real fire till the dawn  But it's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know that I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you|Country
willienelson|Heaven and Hell|Well sometimes it's heaven and sometimes it's hell sometimes I don't even know Sometimes I take it as far as I can and sometimes I don't even go My front tracks're found for a cold water and my back tracks're covered with snow Sometimes it's heaven sometimes it's hell sometimes I don't even know <i>[steel - piano]</i> Heaven ain't walkin' on a street paved with gold and hell ain't a mountain of fire Heaven is layin' in my sweet baby's arms hell is when baby ain't there Well my front tracks're found... Well sometimes it's heaven and sometimes it's hell sometimes I don't even know|Country
willienelson|The Ghost|The silence is unusually loud tonight, The strange sound of nothing fills my ears. Then night rushes in like a crowd of nights, And the ghost of our old love appears.   This strange world of darkness, That comes with the night, Grows darker when it walks my way. Then it laughs while I listen for the breakin' of day, An' the ghost of our old love goes away.|Country
willienelson|Do Right Woman, Do Right Man|Take her to heart  And she'll always love you  And nobody can make her do wrong  But take her for granted  Leavin' your love unshown  Makes will power weak  And temptation strong  A woman's only human  This you should understand  She's not just a plaything  She's flesh and blood  Just like her man  And if you want  A do right all day's woman  You gotta be  A do right all night's man   <i>[guitar]</i>  A woman's only human  This you should understand  She's not just a plaything  She's flesh and blood  Just like her man  And if you want  A do right all day's woman  You gotta be  A do right all night's man|Country
willienelson|A Moment Isn't Very Long|Yesterday, as I talked with a friend in town I forgot to remember that you'd gone For a moment, I found myself smilin' But a moment isn't very long  An' last night as I danced with a stranger An' she held her cheek close to my own For a moment, I almost forgot you But a moment isn't very long  Every now an' then I get a chance to smile But those every now an' thens just last a little while An' tonight I've got a date with a new love But I know I'd do just as well at home For a moment, maybe I could forget you But a moment isn't very long  Every now an' then I get a chance to smile But those every now an' thens just last a little while An' tonight I've got a date with a new love But I know I'd do just as well at home For a moment, maybe I could forget you But a moment isn't very long|Country
willienelson|Always on My Mind|Maybe I didn't love you Quite as often as I could have And maybe I didn't treat you Quite as good as I should have If I made you feel second best Girl I'm sorry I was blind  You were always on my mind You were always on my mind  And maybe I didn't hold you All those lonely, lonely times I guess I never told you I'm so happy that you're mine Little things I should have said and done I just never took the time  But you were always on my mind You were always on my mind  Tell me Tell me that your sweet love hasn't died And give me Give me one more chance To keep you satisfied I'll keep you satisfied  <i>[Instrumental Interlude]</i>  Little things I should have said and done I just never took the time  But you were always on my mind You were always on my mind You were always on my mind You were always on my mind|Country
willienelson|There Goes a Man|There goes a man who gave his heart to someone and I feel sorry for him For that someone just gave her heart to me Now he's the loser and it hurts so much to lose and I feel sorry for him Cause the loser I know could have been me Oh how he loved her I'm sure he must have loved her almost as much as me But fate has frowned on him then turned around and smiled on me There goes a man who gave his heart to someone and I feel sorry for him For that someone just gave her heart to me If things were different and if he had won her love instead of me I wonder if he'd find the time to offer sympathy There goes a man who gave his heart to someone and I feel sorry For him cause that someone just gave her heart to me|Country
willienelson|A Whiter Shade of Pale|We skipped the light fandango And turned cartwheels cross the floor. I was feeling kind of seasick But the crowd called out for more. The room was humming harder And the ceiling flew away When we called out for another drink The waiter brought a tray And so it was that later As the miller told his tale That her face at first just ghostly Turned a whiter shade of pale.  She said There is no reason, And the truth is plain to see, But I wandered through my playing cards And would not let her be One of sixteen vestal virgins Who were leaving for the coast And although my eyes were open They might just just have well been closed. And so it was that later As the miller told his tale That her face at first just ghostly Turned a whiter shade of pale.  <i>[Additional lyrics sung in concert]</i>  She said she wanted shore leave Tho in truth we were at sea So I took her by a looking glass And forced her to agree Saying you must be the mermaid Who took Neptune for a ride Well she smiled at me so sadly That my anger straightway died And so it was...|Country
willienelson|Once Alone|I'm so tired of all this trouble now aren't you  We've tried and failed to make our dreams come true  It seems that we had dream worlds all our own  So don't you think that we should try it once alone  Life's too short to spend it feeling blue  And it's not too late our dreams could still come true  But before our chance for happiness is gone  Don't you think that we should try it once alone  It's not your fault and neither is it mine  It seems that we're just victims of the times  It's not that I don't love you cause I do  But love alone can't make a dream come true  I suppose that we'll survive the parting tears  We've survived so many others through the years  But before our chance for happiness is gone  Don't you think that we should try it once alone|Country
willienelson|No Tomorrow in Sight|The children are sleepin', Our talk can begin. We've waited until they've gone to bed. We knew they would cry, When we said goodbye, And I'd rather leave quietly instead.   We can never be happy, We both know it's true. We've quarrelled from the day that we met. Our love was too weak, To pull our dreams through, But too strong to let us forget.   I hope we can salvage a few memories, To carry us through the long night. The clock's strikin' midnight, yesterday's gone. And there's no tomorrow in sight.   In our efforts to break through, The thick walls of pride, With harsh words that burned to the core. The wall's still remainin', But the words broke inside, And strengthened the walls even more.   I hope we can salvage a few memories, To carry us through the long night. The clock's strikin' midnight, yesterday's gone. And there's no tomorrow in sight.|Country
willienelson|I'll Stay Around|I'll stay around 'til it's over. And hope that it never ends. Maybe in time, you'll change your mind And decide to love me again. I'll just simply refuse to leave you. Call me stubborn, but I'll never give in. And I'll just hang around 'til it's over, And hope that it never ends.   I'll stay around 'til it's over. And hope that it never ends. Maybe in time, you'll change your mind And decide to love me again. I'll just simply refuse to leave you. Call me stubborn, but I'll never give in. And I'll just hang around 'til it's over, And hope that it never ends.|Country
willienelson|Let It Be Me|I bless the day I found you I want to stay around you And so I beg you, let it be me  Don't take this Heaven from one If you must cling to someone Now and forever, let it be me  Each time we meet love I find complete love And without your sweet love what would life be?  So never leave me lonely Tell me, you love me only And that you'll always let it be me  Each time we meet love I find complete love And without your sweet love what would life be?  So never leave me lonely Tell me, you love me only And that you'll always let it be me|Country
willienelson|End of Understanding|Each time you hurt me you say you're sorry I try to understand and say okay But there must be an end to understanding and the end of mine can't be too far away I try to understand you're only human and we all make mistakes every day But there must be an end to understanding and I know that I just can't go on this way Don't you know that love and understanding go together Ask too much of one and both will die And there must be an end to understanding And I know someday I'll reach the end of mine And I know someday I'll reach the end of mine|Country
willienelson|City of New Orleans|Ridin' on the City of New Orleans Illinois Central Monday morning rail Fifteen cars and fifteen restless riders Three conductors and twenty-five sacks of mail All along the southbound odyssey the train pulls out of Kankakee And rolls along past houses farms and fields Passing trains that have no name and freight yards full of old black men And the graveyards of the rusted automobiles  Good morning, America. How are you? Say, don't you know me? I'm your native son I'm the train they call the City of New Orleans And I'll be gone five hundred miles when the day is done  Dealin' cards with the old men in the club car Penny a point, ain't no one keepin' score Pass the paper bag that holds the bottle And feel the wheels rumbling 'neath the floor And the sons of Pullman porters and the sons of engineers Ride their fathers' magic carpet made of steel Mothers with their babes asleep rockin' to the gentle beat And the rhythm of the rails is all they feel  Good morning, America. How are you? Say, don't you know me? I'm your native son I'm the train they call the City of New Orleans And I'll be gone five hundred miles when the day is done  Night time on the City of New Orleans changing cars in Memphis Tennessee Halfway home we'll be there by morning Through the Mississippi darkness rolling down to the sea And all the towns and people seem to fade into a bad dream And the steel rails still ain't heard the news The conductor sings his songs again the passengers will please refrain This train has got the disappearing railroad blues  Good morning, America. How are you? Say, don't you know me? I'm your native son I'm the train they call the City of New Orleans I'll be gone five hundred miles when the day is done|Country
willienelson|Just Out of Reach|Love that runs away from me dreams that just won't let me be Blues that keep on bothering me chains that just won't set me free Too far away from you and all your charms just out of reach of my two empty arms Each night in dreams I see your face mem'ries time cannot erase Then I awake and find you're gone and I'm so blue and all alone So far away from you and all your charms just out of reach of my two empty arms <i>[keyboards - piano - strings]</i> That lonesome feeling all the time knowing you could not be mine Dreams that hurt me in my sleep vows that we could never keep So far away from you and all your charms just out of reach of my two empty arms|Country
willienelson|Good Time Charlie's Got the Blues|Everybody's gone away said they're moving to LA There's not a soul I know around everybody's leavin' town Some caught a freight some caught a plane find the sunshine leave the rain They said this town'll waste your time I guess they're right it's wastin' mine Some gotta win some gotta lose good time Charlie's got the blues Good time Charlie's got the blues  You know my heart keeps telling me you're not a kid at thirty-three You play around you lose your wife you play too long you lose your life I got my pills to ease the pain can't find a thing to ease the rain I'd love to try and settle down but everybody's leavin' town Some gotta win some gotta lose good time Charlie's got the blues Good time Charlie's got the blues|Country
willienelson|Why Are You Picking on Me?|You could have your choice of guys at town why are you pickin' on me Just snap your fingers and they'll come around why are you pickin' on me I'm well aware of this game you've learned To love and then leave and show no concern And tomorrow you'll have other candles to burn So why are you pickin' on me <i>[piano - guitar]</i> You could have your choice... Why are you pickin' on me|Country
willienelson|She's Out of My Life|She's out of my life she's out of my life And I don't know whether to laugh or cry I don't know whether to live or die And it cuts like a knife she's out of my life It's out of my hands it's out of my hands To think for two years she was here And I took her for granted I was so cavalier Now the way that it stands she's out of my hands I have learned love is not possession and I have learned that love won't wait I have learned love needs expression but I learned it too late She's out of my life she's out of my life Damned indecision and cursed pride Kept my love for her locked deep inside And it cuts like a knife she's out of my life|Country
willienelson|Bridge Over Troubled Water|When you're weary, feeling small, When tears are in your eyes, I will dry them all; I'm on your side. When times get rough And friends just can't be found, Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down.  When you're down and out, When you're on the street, When evening falls so hard I will comfort you. I'll take your part. When darkness comes And pain is all around, Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down. Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down.   Sail on silvergirl, Sail on by. Your time has come to shine. All your dreams are on their way. See how they shine. If you need a friend I'm sailing right behind. Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind. Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind.|Country
willienelson|Permanently Lonely|Don't be concerned it's time I learned  That those who play with fire get burned  But I'll be alright in a little while  But you'll be permanently lonely  Don't be too quick to pity me  Don't salve my heart with sympathy  Cause I'll be alright in a little while  But you'll be permanently lonely  The world looks on with wonder  And pity at your kind  Cause it knows that the future  Is not very pretty for your kind for your kind  Will always be runnin' and wonderin'  What's happened to hearts that you've broken  And left all alone  But we'll be alright in a little while  But you'll be permanently lonely  Runnin' lonely|Country
willienelson|Cry|If your sweetheart sends a letter of goodbye It's no secret you feel better if you cry When waking from a bad dream don't you sometimes think it's real But it's only false emotions that you feel If your heartaches seem to hang around too long And your blues keep gettin' bluer with each song Remember sunshine can be found behind the cloudy sky So let your head down and go on and cry If your heartaches... <i>[guitar]</i>|Country
willienelson|Last Thing I Needed First Thing This Morning|The postman delivered A "past due" bill notice The alarm clock rang two hours late The garbage man left all the trash On the sidewalk And the hinges fell off of the gate  And this morning at breakfast I spilled all the coffee And I opened the door on my knee But the last thing I needed The first thing this morning Was to have you walk out on me  Last night you came home late And I knew you'd been drinking By that old mellow look on your face I thought, "It don't matter 'Cause it's the holiday season" And you fill such a big empty space  But then I laid down beside you And I wanted your lovin' Because your love makes my life complete But the last thing I needed The first thing this morning Was to have you walk out on me  So excuse me for lookin' Like my world just ended And excuse me for lookin' Like I just lost my best friend And excuse me for livin' And being forgiving So just go on if you want to be free  But the last thing I needed  The first thing this morning Was to have you walk out on me|Country
willienelson|The Party's Over|Turn out the lights  The party's over  They say that  All good things must end  Call it tonight  The party's over  And tomorrow starts The same old thing again   But the crazy crazy party  Never seen so many people  Laughing dancing  Look at you you're having fun  But look at me  I'm almost cryin'  That don't keep her love from dyin'  Misery cause for me the party's over  Turn out the lights...   Once I had a love undyin'  I didn't keep it but I tried  Life for me was just one party  And then another  I broke her heart so many times  I had to have my parting wife  I had to have my party  Why broke her heart so many times  But one day she said  Sweetheart the party's over  Turn out the lights...|Country
willienelson|I'm a Memory|I'm a game that you used to play  I'm a plan that you didn't lay so well  I'm a fire that burns in your mind  Close your eyes I'm a memory  I'm a love that you know from a song  I'm a voice on a green telephone  And I'm a day that lasted so long  Close your eyes I'm a memory   I'm a dream that comes with the night  And I'm a face that fades with the light  And I'm a tear that falls out of sight  Close your eyes I'm a memory|Country
willienelson|Please Come to Boston|Please come to Boston for the spring time I'm staying here with some friends And they've got lots of room You can sell your paintings on the sidewalk By a cafe where I hope to be working soon Please come to Boston She said, no, would come home to me  And she said, ramblin' boy why don't you settle down Boston ain't your kind of town There ain't no gold, and there ain't nobody like me I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee  Please come to Denver with the snow fall We'll move up into the mountains So far we can't be found And throw I love you echoes down the canyon And then lie awake at night until they come back around Please come to Denver She said, no, would you come home to me  And she said, ramblin' boy why don't you settle down Denver ain't your kind of town There ain't no gold, and there ain't nobody like me I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee  Now, this drifter's world goes 'round and 'round And I doubt it's ever gonna stop But of all the dreams I've lost or found and all that I ain't got I still need to lean to Somebody I can sing to  Please come to L. A. and live forever California life alone is just too hard to build I live in a house that looks out over the ocean And there's some stars that fell from the sky Livin' up on the hill Please come to L. A. She just said, no, would you come home to me  And she said, ramblin' boy why don't you settle down L. A. ain't your kind of town There ain't no gold, and there ain't nobody like me I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee|Country
willienelson|Mona Lisa|Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa, men have named you You're so like the lady with the mystic smile Is it only because you're lonely they have blamed you? For that Mona Lisa strangeness in your smile?  Do you smile to tempt a lover, Mona Lisa? Or is this your way to hide a broken heart? Many dreams have been brought to your doorstep They just lie there and they die there Are you warm, are you real, Mona Lisa? Or just a cold and lonely lovely work of art?  Do you smile to tempt a lover, Mona Lisa? Or is this your way to hide a broken heart? Many dreams have been brought to your doorstep They just lie there and they die there Are you warm, are you real, Mona Lisa? Or just a cold and lonely lovely work of art?  Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa|Country
willienelson|Exactly Like You|I know why I waited Know why I've been blue I've been waiting each day For someone exactly like you  Why should I spend some money On a show or two When nobody sings these love songs Exactly like you  You make me feel so grand I wanna give this world to you You make me understand These foolish little dreams I'm dreaming And schemes I'm scheming  Now I know why my mama She taught me to be true She knew just around the corner Was somebody like you  You make me feel so grand I wanna give this world to you Baby you make me understand These foolish little dreams I'm dreaming And schemes I'm scheming  Now I know why my mama She taught me to be true She knew just around the corner Yes she knew just around the corner Was somebody like you|Country
willienelson|Who's Sorry Now?|Who's sorry now, who's sorry now Whose heart is achin' for breakin' each vow Who's sad and blue, who's cryin' too Just like I cried over you.  Right to the end, just like a friend I tried to warn you somehow You had your way, now you must pay I'm glad that you're sorry now.  Right to the end just like a friend I tried to warn you somehow You had your way, now you must pay I'm glad that you're sorry now.  <i>[REPEAT]</i>|Country
willienelson|It Turns Me Inside Out|In a way I'm glad it's over even though it's gonna hurt me once you're gone But I can learn to live without you give me time and I can make it on my own Loving you to me came easy and losing you will change my life no doubt In a way I'm glad it's over but another way it turns me inside out In a way I guess it's better altough there's nothing good at goodbye But I know I couldn't hold you Now you found your wings and you need room to fly It's for sure I'm gonna miss you but I guess that's what goodbye is all about In a way I'm glad it's over but another way it turns me inside out On the one hand I know I'll be better off once you're gone But I find a lot of heartaches on the other And I can't say that I look forward to those nights I'll be alone And I wonder if there'll ever be another Loving you to me came easy and losing you will change my life no doubt In a way I'm glad it's over but another way it turns me inside out In a way I'm glad it's over but another way it turns me inside out|Country
willienelson|Wind Beneath My Wings|It must have been cold there in my shadow to never have sunlight on your face You've been content to let me shine you always walked a step behind I was the one with all the glory while you were the one with all the strength Only a face without a name I never once heard you complain Did you ever know that you're my hero and everything I'd like to be I can fly higher than an eagle but you are the wind beneath my wings  It might have appeared to go unnoticed I've got it all here in my heart I want you to know I know the truth I would be nothing without you I miss everything about you Did you ever know... You are the wind beneath my wings|Country
willienelson|Until It's Time for You to Go|You're not a dream you're not an angel you're a woman I'm not a king I'm a man take my hand We'll make a space in the lives that we planned And here we'll stay until it's time for you to go  Though we're different we're apart we're not the same We laughed and played at the stars like in a game You could have stayed outside my heart but in you came And here you'll stay until it's time for me to go Don't ask why don't ask how don't ask forever love me now  This love of mine had no beginning it has no end I was an oak now I'm a willow now I can bend And though I'll never in my life see you again Still I'll stay until it's time for you to go Don't ask why I'll be don't ask how I'll be don't ask forever I'll be love me now You're not a dream...|Country
willienelson|My Love for the Rose|Was it something I did Lord a lifetime ago Am I just now repaying a debt that I owe Justice sweet justice you travel so slow But you can't change my love for the rose|Country
willienelson|Won't You Ride in My Little Red Wagon|Won't you ride in my little red wagon I'd love to pull you down the street And I know all the kids will be jealous When they see my playmate so sweet  Hold tight till we come to the hilltop Gonna coast down the hill, you and me Won't you ride in my little red wagon For you are my sweetheart to be  Hold tight till we come to the hilltop Gonna coast down the hill, you and me Won't you ride in my little red wagon For you are my sweetheart to be You are my sweetheart to be|Country
willienelson|Changing Skies|There's a bird in the sky  Flying high, flying high  To a place from a place  Changing skies, changing skies  There are clouds in the sky  Clouds of fear and despair  But love like ours never dies  Changing skies, changing skies   <i>[guitar]</i>  Little bird have you heard  Freedom lies, freedom lies  But love like ours never dies  Just changing skies, changing skies|Country
willienelson|Over the Rainbow|Somewhere over the rainbow Way up high There's a land that I heard of Once in a lullaby   Somewhere over the rainbow Skies are blue And the dreams that you dare to dream Really do come true   Some day I'll wish upon a star And wake up where the clouds are far behind me Where troubles melt like lemondrops Away above the chimney tops That's where you'll find me   Somewhere over the rainbow Bluebirds fly Birds fly over the rainbow Why then, oh why can't I? Some day I'll wish upon a star And wake up where the clouds are far behind me Where troubles melt like lemondrops Away above the chimney tops That's where you'll find me   Somewhere over the rainbow Bluebirds fly Birds fly over the rainbow Why then, oh why can't I?   If happy little bluebirds fly Beyond the rainbow Why, oh why can't I?|Country
willienelson|In My Mother's Eyes|One bright and guiding light That taught me wrong from right I found in my mother's eyes  Those baby tales she told Of streets are paved with gold I found I found I found in my mother's eyes  Just like a wandering sparrow One lonely soul I walk the straight and narrow Just to reach my goal  God's gift sent from above A real real real unselfish love I found I found in my mother's eyes Just like a wandering sparrow  One lonely soul I walk the straight and narrow Just to reach my goal  Oh God's gift sent from above Just a real a real a real unselfish love Oh I found I found in my mother's eyes I found I found in my mother'sin my mother's eyes|Country
willienelson|I'm Gonna Sit Right Down and Write Myself a Letter|I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter And make believe it came from you  I'm gonna write words oh so sweet They're gonna knock me off my feet A lotta kisses on the bottom I'll be glad I got 'em  I'm gonna smile and say I hope you're feeling better I'll close with love the way you do I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter And I'm gonna make believe it came from you  Oh yeah  I'm gonna write words oh so sweet They're gonna knock me off my feet A lotta kisses on the bottom I'll be glad I got 'em  Oh yeah  I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter And I'm make believe it came from you Oh yeah I'm gonna make believe it came from you  Oh yeah|Country
willienelson|Tougher Than Leather|He was Tougher Than Leather, And he didn't care whether, The sun shined or not. When a young kid from Cow Town, Wanted a showdown, And he was careless or just maybe forgot.   But he died in the gunfight, Blinded by sunlight... Never draw when you're facin' the sun. And old Tougher Than Leather, Just carved one more notch on his gun.   And when he turned to go, The beautiful maiden knelt down, Where her dead sweetheart lay. And on his breast, placed a rose, While the townspeople stared in dismay.   And old Tougher Than Leather, Should've known better, But he picked up the rose in his hand. And the townspeople froze, When his hands crushed the rose, And the rose petals fell in the sand.   And old Tougher Than Leather, Was a full-time go-getter. The grass never grew beneath his feet. From one town to another, He would ride like the wind, But his mind kept going back to the street.   Where a young cowboy died, And a young maiden cried, And rose petals fell in the sand. And his heart had been softened, By the beautiful maid, And he knew he must see her again.   Well he went back to the town, Where it all had come down, And he searched but his search was in vain. He had wanted to find her, And say he was sorry, For causing her heart so much pain.   But one night he died, From a poison inside, Brought on by the wrong he had done. And old Tougher Than Leather, Had carved his last notch on his gun.   Well he was burried in Cow Town, Along about sundown, Lookin' good in his new store-bought clothes. When the young maiden came over, And knelt down beside him, And on his lapel placed a rose.   There's a bird in the sky, Flying high, flying high, To a place from a place, Changing skies, changing skies.|Hip-Hop
willienelson|Little Old Fashioned Karma|There's just a little fashioned karma coming down  Just a little old fashioned justice going round  A little bit of sowing and a little bit of reaping  A little bit of laughing and a little bit of weeping  Just a little old fashioned karma coming down  Coming down coming down just a little old fashioned karma coming down  It really ain't hard to understand  If you're gonna dance you gotta pay the band  It's just a little old fashioned karma coming down   <i>[fiddle - guitar - harmonica - piano]</i>  There's just a little fashioned karma...|Country
willienelson|Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star|Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are. Up above the world so high, Like a diamond in the sky. Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!  When the blazing sun is gone, When he nothing shines upon, Then you show your little light, Twinkle, twinkle, all the night. Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!  Then the traveler in the dark Thanks you for your tiny spark; He could not see which way to go, If you did not twinkle so. Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!  In the dark blue sky you keep, While you thro' my window peep, And you never shut your eye, Till the sun is in the sky, Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are!|Country
willienelson|Good Times|When I ran to the store with a penny And when youth was abundant and plenty Classify these as good times Good times  When I rolled rubber tires in the driveway Pulled a purse, on a string, across the highway Classify these as good times Good times  Good times are coming, humming, mmm Good times are coming, humming, mmm  Go to school, fight a war, working steady Meet a girl, fall in love, before I'm ready Classify these as good times Good times  Here I sit with a drink and a memory But I'm not cold, I'm not wet, and I'm not hungry So, classify these as good times Good times  Good times are coming, humming, mmm Good times Good times are coming, humming, mmm|Country
willienelson|December Day|This looks like a December day. This looks like a "time to remember" day. And I remember the spring, such a sweet tender thing. And love's summer college, Where the green leaves of knowledge, Were waiting to fall with the Fall.   And where September wine, Numbed the measure of time. Through the tears of October, now November's over, And this looks like a December day.   This looks like a December day. It looks like we've come to the end of the way. And as my memories race back to love's eager beginning, Reluctant to play with the thoughts of the ending: The ending that won't go away.   And as my memories race back to love's eager beginning, Reluctant to play with the thoughts of the ending: The ending that won't go away.   And this looks like a December day.|Country
willienelson|Sweet Memories|My world is like a river as dark as it is deep  Night after night the past slips in and gathers all my sleep  My days are just an endless stream of emptiness to me  Filled only by the fleeting moments of her memories  Sweet memories sweet memories hmm   She slipped into the silence of my dreams last night  Wondering from room to room turning on each light  Her laughter spills like water from the river to the sea  And I'm swept away from sadness clinging to her memories  Sweet memories sweet memories hmm|Country
willienelson|Little Things|I hope I won't disturb you with this call  I'm just in town for such a little while  And I thought perhaps you'd like to hear the news  Jeannie's grades were the highest in the school  Billy sure does look a lot like you  I understand your other son does too  And Billy said tell mom I miss her so  These were some little things  I thought you'd like to know   Remember Sam and Peg who lived next door  With them it seemed we always laughed so much  Well Sam and Peg don't live there anymore  I understand they broke up just like us  The house we lived in now has been torn down  Of all the things we owned the last to go  A freeway now runs through that part of town  These were some little things that  I thought you'd like to know  These were some little things that  I thought you'd like to know|Country
willienelson|Pages|Last evening, I turned by the pages of time. And tore out the chapters when you were mine. I attempted to cut out the memories of you. And paste in some new ones, far better an' true. True.   I searched through the chapters, referring to hearts, for the one with the caption: "Till death do us part." I ripped at each letter an' I tore at each word. I screamed at your memory an' nobody heard. Nobody heard.   But your memory's determined, and chances are few, Of my ever finding a replacement for you. It depserately clings to the floor of my mind, And fights for its place in the pages of time.|Country
willienelson|She's Still Gone|I wake up in the morning with my arms around my pillow  Then suddenly I realize I only hold a pillow you're not there you're not there  I call your name and hear my voice run searching through the hallway  To return alone confirming all I've known for so long I'm alone you're still gone  Still half asleep I stumble to the kitchen for my coffee  My footsteps match my heartbeats funny heartbeats on linoleum  The sounds all wrong you're still gone  The sounds outside reminding me the world won't wait forever  And understanding saves don't stand by empty graves  You're on your own all alone she's still gone|Country
willienelson|Ashamed|I'm so ashamed of my eyes cause they still cry for you After they both watched my hand wave goodbye to you I've told them time and time again that this will never do And I've told them how you always laughed at teardrops I'm so ashamed of my arms for missing you Last night I woke up just in time to see them reach for you And now my heart confesses it's still wants you too I'm so ashamed of them all for loving you|Country
willienelson|Summer of Roses|A short time I have to be with you my love But a short time is better than no time you see So I bring to you all my posessions and would that you'd share them with me I bring you one springtime of robins one springtime of robins to sing And I bring you one summer of roses one summer of roses I bring I bring you one autumn dry leaves dry leaves will be helpful you know To soften the fall of your snowflakes when I bring you your winter of snow|Country
willienelson|A Wonderful Yesterday|Today's gonna make a wonderful yesterday  One on which I know that I can look back and smile  And with you here with me the hours have flown away  And today's gonna make a wonderful yesterday  Today we have made a thousand and one memories  That we can recall when today is a sweet used to be  And with you in my arms the future seems so far away  And today's gonna make a wonderful yesterday|Country
willienelson|Down to Our Last Goodbye|This was my last mistake  That's all her heart could take  Now we're down to our last goodbye   Her lips won't kiss me now  The lips that I taught how  Now we're down to our last goodbye   What can I tell her  That I haven't told her  That would change her mind  Cause she heard that line before  Now all that's left for me  Is just the memory of all  Those happy days gone by  Now we're down to our last goodbye  What can I tell her  That I haven't told her  That would change her mind  Cause she heard that line before  Now all that's left for me  Is just the memory of all  Those happy days gone by  Now we're down to our last goodbye|Country
willienelson|Buddy|Laugh with me, buddy  Jest with me, buddy  Don't let her get the best of me, buddy  Don't ever let me start feelin' lonely  If I ever needed you, buddy  You know how I really do, buddy  Don't ever let me start feelin' lonely  I cry at the least little thing, buddy  And I'll die if you mention her name, buddy  Talk to me, buddy  Stay with me, buddy  Let's don't let her get the best of me, buddy  Let's talk about things as they were, buddy  Before I got mixed up with her, buddy  Laugh with me buddy  Jest with me, buddy  Let's don't let her get the best of me, buddy|Country
willienelson|The Convict and the Rose|Within my prison cell so dreary  Alone I sit alone with aching heart  I'm dreaming of my little darling  From her forever I must part   The rose she sent me as a token  She sent it just to light my gloom  And tell me that her heart is broken  And cheer me before I meet my doom   The judge would not believe my story  The jury said I have to pay  And with the rose in all its glory  Not guilty's all that I could say   Goodbye sweetheart for in the morning  To meet my Maker I must go  And when I die at daylight's dawning  Against my heart they'll find this rose   <i>[guitar]</i>  Within my prison cell so dreary...|Country
willienelson|Did I Ever Love You|Did I ever ever love you?  Did I ever really care?  All the times that I cried for you  Did I really want you there?  Wiser man then I have wondered  About love and never knew  Did I ever love you?  I guess I still do   All the nights that I spent cryin'  All those lonely loss of times  Was it my imagination?  Was it only in my mind?  Wiser man then I have wondered  About love and never knew  Did I ever love you?  I guess I still do|Country
willienelson|Touch Me|Touch me, touch the hand of a man  Who once owned all the world  And touch, me touch the arms  That once held all the charms  Of the world's sweetest girl  Touch me, maybe someday you may  Need to know how it feels when you lose  And so touch me, you'll know  How you feel with the blues   Watch me, watch the eyes  That have seen all the heartache  And pain in the land  And be thankful you're happy though  Standing so close to the world's bluest man  Don't forget me, take a good look  At someone who's lost everything he can lose  And then touch me and you'll know  How you'd feel with the blues   <i>[guitar]</i>  Don't forget me take a good look...|Country
willienelson|I Am the Forest|I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest but you are the trees I'm empty without you so come grow within me For I am the forest and you are the trees And the heavens need romance so love never dies You'll be the stars dear and I'll be the sky And should any of this find us let them all be forewarned That you are the thunder and I am the storm And I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest and you are the trees I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest but you are the trees <i>[guitar]</i> I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest but you are the trees <i>[mandolin]</i>|Country
willienelson|Nobody Slides, My Friend|Nobody slides, my friend  It's a truth on which  You can depend  If you're living a lie  It will eat you alive  And nobody slides, my friend   Nobody slides, my friend  You can try it  But you'll never win  You can scream  You can shout  But it all evens out  And nobody slides my, friend   <i>[guitar]</i>  Nobody slides, my friend  Listen I'll say it again  You can run  You can hide  But it's still waitin' inside  And nobody slides, my friend|Country
willienelson|Summer of Roses / December Day|A short time I have to be with you my love But a short time is better than no time you see And I bring to you all my posessions And would that you'd share them with me I bring you one springtime of robins One springtime of robins to sing I bring you one summer of roses One summer of roses I bring I bring you dry leaves of autumn Dry leaves will be helpful you know To soften the fall of your snowflakes When I bring you your winter of snow  This looks like a December day. This looks like a "time to remember" day. And I remember the spring, such a sweet tender thing. And love's summer college, Where the green leaves of knowledge, Were waiting to fall with the Fall.   And where September wine, Numbed the measure of time. Through the tears of October, now November's over, And this looks like a December day.   This looks like a December day. It looks like we've come to the end of the way. And as my memories race back to love's eager beginning, Reluctant to play with the thoughts of the ending: The ending that won't go away.   And as my memories race back to love's eager beginning, Reluctant to play with the thoughts of the ending: The ending that won't go away.   And this looks like a December day.|Country
willienelson|Wake Me When It's Over|Gettin' tired now gotta get some sleep now  Guess I've been worried much too long  And don't wake me till it's over  When the need for you is gone  I was so happy before I loved you  I'm gonna be like I was before  And don't wake me till it's over  When I don't want you anymore   My mind is gettin' weak now gotta get some sleep now  I gotta rest my achin' head  I just wanna lay here just let me stay here  Till the blues get up and leave my bed  Good night, darling  Good night, darling  Good night forevermore  And don't wake me till it's over  When I won't want you anymore  My mind is gettin' weak now...|Country
willienelson|Hello Walls|Hello walls, (Hello, hello.) How'd things go for you today? Don't you miss her. Since she up and walked away? And I'll bet you dread to spend another lonely night with me, But lonely walls, I'll keep you company.   Hello window, (Hello, hello.) Well, I see that you're still here. Aren't you lonely, Since our darlin disappeared? Well look here, is that a teardrop in the corner of your pane? Now don't you try to tell me that's it's rain.   She went away and left us all alone the way she planned. Guess we'll have to learn to get along without her if we can.   Hello ceiling, (Hello, hello.) I'm gonna stare at you a while. You know I can't sleep, So won't you bear with me a while? We gotta all stick together or else I'll lose my mind. I gotta feelin' she'll be gone a long, long time.   (Hello, hello wall.)|Country
willienelson|Funny How Time Slips Away|Well, hello there My, it's been a long, long time How am I doing? Oh, I guess that I'm doing fine It's been so long now But it seems now, that it was only yesterday Gee, ain't it funny, how time slips away  How's your new love? I hope that he's doing fine I heard you told him That you'd love him till the end of time Now, that's the same thing that you told me Seems like just the other day Gee, ain't it funny, how time slips away  I gotta go now I guess I'll see you around Don't know when though Never know, when I'll be back in town But remember, what I tell you In time you're gonna pay And it's surprising, how time slips away...|Country
willienelson|Crazy|I'm crazy Crazy for feeling so lonely I'm crazy Crazy for feeling so blue  I knew that you'd love me as long as you wanted And then someday you'd leave me for somebody new  Worry Why do I let myself worry Wondering What in the world did I do  I'm crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for trying And crazy for crying And I'm crazy for loving you  I'm crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for trying And crazy for crying And I'm crazy for loving you|Country
willienelson|The Part Where I Cry|Life is a picture and I play the lead but my biggest line was goodbye  Now my leading lady has walked out on me and this is the part where I cried  I was great in the scene where she found someone new  You should have seen my look of surprise  And if you'll have just walk into the picture this is the part where I cry   And after the picture is over and it's judged for the part where you lied  The award of the chiefment that's given will be mine for the part where I cried  I was great in the scene...|Country
willienelson|Three Days|Three days that I dread to see arrive  Three days that I hate to be alive  Three days filled with tears and sorrow  Yesterday, today and tomorrow   There are three days I know that I'll be blue  Three days that I'll always dream of you  And it does no good to wish these days would end  'Cause the same three days start over again   Three days that I dread be alive  Three days that I hate to see arrive  Three days filled with tears and sorrow  Yesterday, today and tomorrow   There are three days I know that I'll be blue  Three days that I'll always dream of you  And it does no good to wish these days would end  'Cause the same three days start over again   Three days that I dread to see arrive  Three days that I hate to be alive  Three days filled with tears and sorrow  Yesterday, today and tomorrow   Three days  Three days ...|Country
willienelson|One Step Beyond|I'm just one step before losin' you. And I'm just one step ahead of the blues. But I know that there's been pain an' misery. Long before this old world had ever heard of me. And I know it will hurt to see you go, But we'll just add one more heartache to the score. And though I still love you as before, I'm just one step beyond carin' any more.   <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Bet that you're surprised that I could feel this way, After stayin' home an' waitin' night and day. For someone who cared so much for me, You'd come home just long enough to laugh at me. I don't know just when my feelin's changed, I just know I could never feel the same, And though I still love you as before, I'm just one step beyond carin' any more.|Country
willienelson|Undo the Right|If you can't say you love me say you hate me And that you regret each time you held me tight If you can't be mine forever please forsake me If you can't undo the wrong undo the right It was right when you loved me only But wrong when you held another tight And before you go away and leave me lonely If you can't undo the wrong undo the right It's too late to say your heart is filled with sorrow You can't undo what's done why do you try And before you go away and leave me lonely If you can't undo the wrong undo the right <i>[steel]</i> It's too late to say... And if you can't undo the wrong undo the right|Country
willienelson|Night Life|When the evenin' sun goes down You will find me hangin' 'round Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life But it's my life  Many people just like me Dreamin' of old used-to-be's Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life Ah, but it's my life  Listen to the blues that they're playin' Listen what the blues are sayin'  Life is just another scene In this old world of broken dreams Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life But it's my life  Oh, the night life ain't no good life Oh, but it's my life  Yeah, it's my life|Country
willienelson|Darkness on the Face of the Earth|The morning that you left me was just another day How could I see the sorrow that had found me Then you left and told me that I was in your way And I turned and ran as heaven fell around me I stumbled through the darkness my footsteps were unsure I live within a world that had no sunshine When you left me darling my world came to an end And there was darkness on the face of the earth The stars fell out of heaven and the moon could not be found The sun was in a million pieces scattered all around Why did you ever leave me you knew how it would hurt And now there's darkness on the face of the earth <i>[guitar]</i> The stars fell out of heaven... And now there's darkness on the face of the earth|Country
willienelson|I Never Cared for You|The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all And the sky was never blue The stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  I know you won't believe these things I tell you No, you won't believe Your heart has been forewarned all men will lie to you  And your mind cannot conceive Now all depends on what I say to you And on your doubting me So I've prepared these statements far from true Pay heed and disbelieve  The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all The sky was never blue Stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  And the sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all Sky was never blue The stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  I never cared for you I never cared for you|Country
willienelson|Me and Paul|It's been rough and rocky travelin', But I'm finally standing upright on the ground. And after takin' several readings, I'm surprised to find my mind's still fairly sound. I thought Nashville was the roughest, But I know I said the same about them all. We received our education  In the cities of the nation, me and Paul.  Almost busted in Laredo, But for reasons that I'd rather not disclose, But if you're stayin' in a motel there and leave, Just don't leave nothin' in your clothes. And at the airport in Milwaukee, They refused to let us board the plane at all, They said we looked suspicious, But I believe they like to pick on me and Paul.   And on a package show in Buffalo With us and Kitty Wells and Charlie Pride. The show was long and we was just sittin' there And we'd come to play and not just for the ride. And we drank a lot of whiskey, So I don't know if we went on that night at all. But I don't think they even missed us I guess Buffalo ain't geared for me and Paul.  It's been rough and rocky traveling But I'm finally standin' upright on the ground. And after takin' several readings, I'm surprised to find my mind's still fairly sound. I thought Nashville was the roughest,  But I know I said the same about them all. We received our education  In the cities of the nation, me and Paul.|Country
willienelson|Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain|In the twilight glow I see her Blue eyes cryin' in the rain When we kissed goodbye and parted I knew we'd never meet again  Love is like a dyin' ember Only memories remain Through the ages I'll remember Blue eyes cryin' in the rain  Some day when we meet up yonder We'll stroll hand in hand again In a land that knows no partin' Blue eyes cryin' in the rain|Country
willienelson|Where My House Lives|Stop here across the street to your right  That's where my house lives  Sometimes I stayed there at night  But mostly I was on the move  Business first you know  And she'd wait there in her lonely room  But oh that's been so long ago  She's gone now  She couldn't stand to be alone  And now it waits there  This house that used to be my home  I never go there cause it holds  Too many memories since she's gone  But right there is where  My house lives all alone   <i>[guitar]</i>  She's gone now...|Country
willienelson|Suffering in Silence|I think I should speak to you, stranger. Your problem is clear now to me. You think that the whole world's against you, An' you tell everyone that you see.   Just suffer in silence, speak no bitter words. The world offers no sympathy. Though trouble surrounds you, an' you long to be heard, Just suffer in silence, like me.   I'll give you a lesson in living, And I hope it stays with you a while. You're the reason for all of your sorrows, So just suffer in silence, and smile.   Just suffer in silence, speak no bitter words. The world offers no sympathy. Though trouble surrounds you, an' you long to be heard, Just suffer in silence, like me.|Country
willienelson|Good Hearted Woman|A long time forgotten are dreams that just felt by the way. And the good life he promised ain't what she's living to day. But she never complains of the bad times or bad things he's done Lord. She's just talks about the good times they've had and all the good times to come.  She's a good hearted woman in love with a good timin' man. She loves him in spite of his ways that she don't understand. Through teardrops and laughter  they'll pass through this world hand in hand. A good hearted woman lovin' her good timin' man.  He likes the night life  the brightlights and good timin' friends. When the party's all over she welcome him back home again. Lord knows she don't understand him but she does the best that she can. 'Cause she's a good hearted woman she loves her good timin' man.  She's a good hearted woman ...|Country
willienelson|If You've Got the Money, I've Got the Time|(Two one two three four one) If you've got the money honey I've got the time We'll go honky tonkin' and we'll have a time We'll have more fun baby all way down the line If you've got the money honey I've got the time There ain't no need to tarry let's start out tonight We'll have fun oh boy oh boy and we'll do it right Bring along your Cadillac leave my old wreck behind If you've got the money honey I've got the time <i>[piano - harmonica]</i> We'll go honky tonkin' make every spot in town We'll go to the every spot and leave all gold around If you run short of money I'll run short of time If you've got no more money honey I've got no more time If you've got the money honey I've got the time We'll go honky tonkin' and we'll have a time Bring along your Cadillac leave my old wreck behind If you've got the money honey I've got the time|Country
willienelson|Uncloudy Day|Oh, they tell me of a home far beyond the skies Oh, they tell me of a home far away Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh, they tell me of an unclouded day  Oh, the land of cloudless day Oh, the land of an unclouded sky Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh, they tell me of an unclouded day  Oh, they tell me of a home where my friends have gone Oh, they tell me of that land far away Where the tree of life in eternal bloom Sheds its fragrance through the unclouded day  Oh, the land of cloudless day Oh, the land of an unclouded sky Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh, they tell me of an unclouded day  Oh, they tell me of a King in His beauty there And they tell me that mine eyes shall behold Where He sits on the throne that is whiter than snow In the city that is made of gold  Oh, the land of cloudless day Oh, the land of an unclouded sky Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh, they tell me of an unclouded day  Oh, they tell me that He smiles on His children there And His smile drives their sorrows all away And they tell me that no tears ever come again In that lovely land of unclouded day  Oh, the land of cloudless day Oh, the land of an unclouded sky Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh, they tell me of an unclouded day|Country
willienelson|Hold Me Tighter|I thought if I could be with you  Maybe I'd feel better  But I'm afraid I took advantage of your love  I thought if you'd just hold me tight  Maybe I'd forget her  But I don't suppose as yet  You've held me tight enough  Please hold me tighter  I still remember  Put your arms around me  Hold me close, hold me tight and long  Please hold me tighter  I still remember  And I can't love again  Until her mem'ry's gone   <i>[steel]</i>  Please hold me tighter...|Country
willienelson|Go Away|Go away; can't you see I'm cryin'? Go back to the new love that you've found. Don't sweet talk me, 'cause I ain't listenin', And you'll only make things worse by hangin' round.   I know that I'd be crazy, If I took you back again. But this foolish heart of mine, Might just weaken and give in. So go away, I feel much better when you're gone. For you're the one who made me cry. Now let me cry alone.   I know that I'd be crazy, If I took you back again. But this foolish heart of mine, Might just weaken and give in. So go away, I feel much better when you're gone. For you're the one who made me cry. Now let me cry alone.|Country
willienelson|Heartbreak Hotel|Oh since my baby left me I've found new place to dwell Down at the end on Lonely Street at Heartbreak Hotel I get so lonely baby I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I could die And though it's always crowded you can still find some room For broken hearted lovers to cry away the gloom I get so lonely baby I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I could die <i>[guitar - sax]</i> Well the bellhop's tears keep flowing the deskclerk's dressed in black They've been so long on Lonely Street they'll never never never get back I get so lonely baby I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I could die So if your baby leaves and you got a tale to tell Just take a walk down Lonely Street to Heartbreak Hotel I get so lonely baby I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I could die <i>[guitar]</i> Oh since my baby left me...|Country
willienelson|The Ghost|The silence is unusually loud tonight, The strange sound of nothing fills my ears. Then night rushes in like a crowd of nights, And the ghost of our old love appears.   This strange world of darkness, That comes with the night, Grows darker when it walks my way. Then it laughs while I listen for the breakin' of day, An' the ghost of our old love goes away.|Country
willienelson|Help Me Make It Through the Night|Take the ribbons from your hair shake 'em loose and let 'em fall Let 'em fall against your chin like the shadows on the wall Come and lay down by my side till the early morning light All I'm taking is your time help me make it through the night Well I don't care who's right or wrong and I won't try to understand Let the devil take tomorrow cause tonight I need a friend Yesterday is dead and gone and tomorrow's out of sight And it's sad to be alone help me make it through the night <i>[ac.guitar]</i> Well I don't care who's right or wrong... I can't stand to be alone help me make it through the night|Country
willienelson|Whiskey River|Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   I'm drowning in a whiskey river, Bathing my mem'ried mind in the wetness of its soul. Feeling the amber current flowin' from my mind. And warm an empty heart you left so cold.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I'm drowning in a whiskey river, Bathing my mem'ried mind in the wetness of its soul. Feeling the amber current flowin' from my mind. And warm an empty heart you left so cold.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.|Country
willienelson|My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys|I grew up a-dreamin' of bein' a cowboy, and Lovin' the cowboy ways. Pursuin' the life of my high-ridin' heroes, I burned up my childhood days. I learned all the rules of the modern-day drifter, Don't you hold on to nothin' too long. Just take what you need from the ladies, then leave them, With the words of a sad country song. My heroes have always been cowboys. And they still are, it seems. Sadly, in search of, but one step in back of, Themselves and their slow-movin' dreams.  Cowboys are special with their own brand of misery, From being alone too long. You could die from the cold in the arms of a nightman, Knowin' well that your best days are gone. Pickin' up hookers instead of my pen, I let the words of my years fade away. Old worn-out saddles, and 'old worn-out memories, With no one and no place to stay.  My heroes have always been cowboys. And they still are, it seems. Sadly, in search of, but one step in back of, Themselves and their slow-movin' dreams.  Sadly, in search of, but one step in back of, Themselves and their slow-movin' dreams.|Country
willienelson|Faded Love|When I look at the letter that you wrote to me It's you that I'm thinking of As I read the lines that to me were so sweet I remember our faded love  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I miss you darlin' more and more every day As heaven would miss the stars above With every heartbeat I still think of you And remember our faded love  As I think of the past and all the pleasure we had, As I watch the mating of a dove, And it was in the springtime that we said goodbye. I remember our faded love.  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>|Country
willienelson|On the Road Again|On the road again Just can't wait to get on the road again The life I love is makin' music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again  On the road again Goin' places that I've never been Seein' things that I may never see again And I can't wait to get on the road again  On the road again Like a band of gypsies, we go down the highway We're the best of friends Insisting that the world be turnin' our way And our way  Is on the road again Just can't wait to get on the road again The life I love is makin' music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again  On the road again Like a band of gypsies, we go down the highway We're the best of friends Insisting that the world be turnin' our way And our way  Is on the road again Just can't wait to get on the road again The life I love is makin' music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again And I can't wait to get on the road again|Country
willienelson|A Moment Isn't Very Long|Yesterday, as I talked with a friend in town I forgot to remember that you'd gone For a moment, I found myself smilin' But a moment isn't very long  An' last night as I danced with a stranger An' she held her cheek close to my own For a moment, I almost forgot you But a moment isn't very long  Every now an' then I get a chance to smile But those every now an' thens just last a little while An' tonight I've got a date with a new love But I know I'd do just as well at home For a moment, maybe I could forget you But a moment isn't very long  Every now an' then I get a chance to smile But those every now an' thens just last a little while An' tonight I've got a date with a new love But I know I'd do just as well at home For a moment, maybe I could forget you But a moment isn't very long|Country
willienelson|Pancho and Lefty|Livin on the road my friend, is gonna keep you free and clean Now you wear your skin like iron Your breath as hard as kerosene You weren't your momma's only boy, but her favorite one it seemed She began to cry when you said goodbye And sank into your dreams  Pancho was a bandit boy, his horse was fast as polished steel He wore his gun outside his pants For all the honest world to feel Pancho met his match, you know, on the deserts down in Mexico Nobody heard his dyin words, ah but that's the way it goes  All the Federales say, they could've had him any day They only let him slip away, out of kindness, I suppose  Lefty, he can't sing the blues all night long like he used to The dust that Pancho bit down south ended up in Lefty's mouth The day they laid poor Pancho low, Lefty split for Ohio Where he got the bread to go, there ain't nobody knows  All the Federales say, they could've had him any day They only let him slip away, out of kindness I suppose  The poets tell how old Pancho fell, and Lefty's livin in cheap hotels The desert's quiet, Cleveland's cold And so the story ends, we're told Pancho needs your prayers it's true, but save a few for Lefty too He only did what he had to do, and now he's growing old  All the Federales say, they could've had him any day They only let him go so long, out of kindness I suppose  A few gray Federales say, they could've had him any day They only let him go so long, out of kindness I suppose|Country
willienelson|Once Alone|I'm so tired of all this trouble now aren't you  We've tried and failed to make our dreams come true  It seems that we had dream worlds all our own  So don't you think that we should try it once alone  Life's too short to spend it feeling blue  And it's not too late our dreams could still come true  But before our chance for happiness is gone  Don't you think that we should try it once alone  It's not your fault and neither is it mine  It seems that we're just victims of the times  It's not that I don't love you cause I do  But love alone can't make a dream come true  I suppose that we'll survive the parting tears  We've survived so many others through the years  But before our chance for happiness is gone  Don't you think that we should try it once alone|Country
willienelson|No Tomorrow in Sight|The children are sleepin', Our talk can begin. We've waited until they've gone to bed. We knew they would cry, When we said goodbye, And I'd rather leave quietly instead.   We can never be happy, We both know it's true. We've quarrelled from the day that we met. Our love was too weak, To pull our dreams through, But too strong to let us forget.   I hope we can salvage a few memories, To carry us through the long night. The clock's strikin' midnight, yesterday's gone. And there's no tomorrow in sight.   In our efforts to break through, The thick walls of pride, With harsh words that burned to the core. The wall's still remainin', But the words broke inside, And strengthened the walls even more.   I hope we can salvage a few memories, To carry us through the long night. The clock's strikin' midnight, yesterday's gone. And there's no tomorrow in sight.|Country
willienelson|I'll Stay Around|I'll stay around 'til it's over. And hope that it never ends. Maybe in time, you'll change your mind And decide to love me again. I'll just simply refuse to leave you. Call me stubborn, but I'll never give in. And I'll just hang around 'til it's over, And hope that it never ends.   I'll stay around 'til it's over. And hope that it never ends. Maybe in time, you'll change your mind And decide to love me again. I'll just simply refuse to leave you. Call me stubborn, but I'll never give in. And I'll just hang around 'til it's over, And hope that it never ends.|Country
willienelson|End of Understanding|Each time you hurt me you say you're sorry I try to understand and say okay But there must be an end to understanding and the end of mine can't be too far away I try to understand you're only human and we all make mistakes every day But there must be an end to understanding and I know that I just can't go on this way Don't you know that love and understanding go together Ask too much of one and both will die And there must be an end to understanding And I know someday I'll reach the end of mine And I know someday I'll reach the end of mine|Country
willienelson|City of New Orleans|Ridin' on the City of New Orleans Illinois Central Monday morning rail Fifteen cars and fifteen restless riders Three conductors and twenty-five sacks of mail All along the southbound odyssey the train pulls out of Kankakee And rolls along past houses farms and fields Passing trains that have no name and freight yards full of old black men And the graveyards of the rusted automobiles  Good morning, America. How are you? Say, don't you know me? I'm your native son I'm the train they call the City of New Orleans And I'll be gone five hundred miles when the day is done  Dealin' cards with the old men in the club car Penny a point, ain't no one keepin' score Pass the paper bag that holds the bottle And feel the wheels rumbling 'neath the floor And the sons of Pullman porters and the sons of engineers Ride their fathers' magic carpet made of steel Mothers with their babes asleep rockin' to the gentle beat And the rhythm of the rails is all they feel  Good morning, America. How are you? Say, don't you know me? I'm your native son I'm the train they call the City of New Orleans And I'll be gone five hundred miles when the day is done  Night time on the City of New Orleans changing cars in Memphis Tennessee Halfway home we'll be there by morning Through the Mississippi darkness rolling down to the sea And all the towns and people seem to fade into a bad dream And the steel rails still ain't heard the news The conductor sings his songs again the passengers will please refrain This train has got the disappearing railroad blues  Good morning, America. How are you? Say, don't you know me? I'm your native son I'm the train they call the City of New Orleans I'll be gone five hundred miles when the day is done|Country
willienelson|Forgiving You Was Easy|Forgiving you was easy, forgetting seems to take the longest time. I just keep thinking and your memory is forever on my mind. You know I'll always love you and I can't forget the day when you were mine.  Forgiving you was easy but forgetting seems to take the longest time.  The bitter fruit of anger growing from the seeds of jealousy. Oh what a heart ache but I forgive the things you said to me. For I believe forgiving is the only way I'll find peace of mind.  Forgiving you was easy but forgetting seems to take the longest time.  The years have past so quickly, As once again they've sealed a young man's dream of all the golden years  And growing old together you and me.  You ask me to forgive you.  You said there was another on your mind, Forgiving you was easy but forgetting seems to take the longest time....|Country
willienelson|Just Out of Reach|Love that runs away from me dreams that just won't let me be Blues that keep on bothering me chains that just won't set me free Too far away from you and all your charms just out of reach of my two empty arms Each night in dreams I see your face mem'ries time cannot erase Then I awake and find you're gone and I'm so blue and all alone So far away from you and all your charms just out of reach of my two empty arms <i>[keyboards - piano - strings]</i> That lonesome feeling all the time knowing you could not be mine Dreams that hurt me in my sleep vows that we could never keep So far away from you and all your charms just out of reach of my two empty arms|Country
willienelson|Good Time Charlie's Got the Blues|Everybody's gone away said they're moving to LA There's not a soul I know around everybody's leavin' town Some caught a freight some caught a plane find the sunshine leave the rain They said this town'll waste your time I guess they're right it's wastin' mine Some gotta win some gotta lose good time Charlie's got the blues Good time Charlie's got the blues  You know my heart keeps telling me you're not a kid at thirty-three You play around you lose your wife you play too long you lose your life I got my pills to ease the pain can't find a thing to ease the rain I'd love to try and settle down but everybody's leavin' town Some gotta win some gotta lose good time Charlie's got the blues Good time Charlie's got the blues|Country
willienelson|Why Are You Picking on Me?|You could have your choice of guys at town why are you pickin' on me Just snap your fingers and they'll come around why are you pickin' on me I'm well aware of this game you've learned To love and then leave and show no concern And tomorrow you'll have other candles to burn So why are you pickin' on me <i>[piano - guitar]</i> You could have your choice... Why are you pickin' on me|Country
willienelson|She's Out of My Life|She's out of my life she's out of my life And I don't know whether to laugh or cry I don't know whether to live or die And it cuts like a knife she's out of my life It's out of my hands it's out of my hands To think for two years she was here And I took her for granted I was so cavalier Now the way that it stands she's out of my hands I have learned love is not possession and I have learned that love won't wait I have learned love needs expression but I learned it too late She's out of my life she's out of my life Damned indecision and cursed pride Kept my love for her locked deep inside And it cuts like a knife she's out of my life|Country
willienelson|Cry|If your sweetheart sends a letter of goodbye It's no secret you feel better if you cry When waking from a bad dream don't you sometimes think it's real But it's only false emotions that you feel If your heartaches seem to hang around too long And your blues keep gettin' bluer with each song Remember sunshine can be found behind the cloudy sky So let your head down and go on and cry If your heartaches... <i>[guitar]</i>|Country
willienelson|Please Come to Boston|Please come to Boston for the spring time I'm staying here with some friends And they've got lots of room You can sell your paintings on the sidewalk By a cafe where I hope to be working soon Please come to Boston She said, no, would come home to me  And she said, ramblin' boy why don't you settle down Boston ain't your kind of town There ain't no gold, and there ain't nobody like me I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee  Please come to Denver with the snow fall We'll move up into the mountains So far we can't be found And throw I love you echoes down the canyon And then lie awake at night until they come back around Please come to Denver She said, no, would you come home to me  And she said, ramblin' boy why don't you settle down Denver ain't your kind of town There ain't no gold, and there ain't nobody like me I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee  Now, this drifter's world goes 'round and 'round And I doubt it's ever gonna stop But of all the dreams I've lost or found and all that I ain't got I still need to lean to Somebody I can sing to  Please come to L. A. and live forever California life alone is just too hard to build I live in a house that looks out over the ocean And there's some stars that fell from the sky Livin' up on the hill Please come to L. A. She just said, no, would you come home to me  And she said, ramblin' boy why don't you settle down L. A. ain't your kind of town There ain't no gold, and there ain't nobody like me I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee|Country
willienelson|It Turns Me Inside Out|In a way I'm glad it's over even though it's gonna hurt me once you're gone But I can learn to live without you give me time and I can make it on my own Loving you to me came easy and losing you will change my life no doubt In a way I'm glad it's over but another way it turns me inside out In a way I guess it's better altough there's nothing good at goodbye But I know I couldn't hold you Now you found your wings and you need room to fly It's for sure I'm gonna miss you but I guess that's what goodbye is all about In a way I'm glad it's over but another way it turns me inside out On the one hand I know I'll be better off once you're gone But I find a lot of heartaches on the other And I can't say that I look forward to those nights I'll be alone And I wonder if there'll ever be another Loving you to me came easy and losing you will change my life no doubt In a way I'm glad it's over but another way it turns me inside out In a way I'm glad it's over but another way it turns me inside out|Country
willienelson|Wind Beneath My Wings|It must have been cold there in my shadow to never have sunlight on your face You've been content to let me shine you always walked a step behind I was the one with all the glory while you were the one with all the strength Only a face without a name I never once heard you complain Did you ever know that you're my hero and everything I'd like to be I can fly higher than an eagle but you are the wind beneath my wings  It might have appeared to go unnoticed I've got it all here in my heart I want you to know I know the truth I would be nothing without you I miss everything about you Did you ever know... You are the wind beneath my wings|Country
willienelson|Until It's Time for You to Go|You're not a dream you're not an angel you're a woman I'm not a king I'm a man take my hand We'll make a space in the lives that we planned And here we'll stay until it's time for you to go  Though we're different we're apart we're not the same We laughed and played at the stars like in a game You could have stayed outside my heart but in you came And here you'll stay until it's time for me to go Don't ask why don't ask how don't ask forever love me now  This love of mine had no beginning it has no end I was an oak now I'm a willow now I can bend And though I'll never in my life see you again Still I'll stay until it's time for you to go Don't ask why I'll be don't ask how I'll be don't ask forever I'll be love me now You're not a dream...|Country
willienelson|My Love for the Rose|Was it something I did Lord a lifetime ago Am I just now repaying a debt that I owe Justice sweet justice you travel so slow But you can't change my love for the rose|Country
willienelson|Living in the Promiseland|Give us your tired and weak And we will make them strong Bring us your foreign songs And we will sing along  Leave us your broken dreams We'll give them time to mend There's still a lot of love Living in the Promiseland  Living in the Promiseland Our dreams are made of steel The prayer of every man Is to know how freedom feels  There is a winding road Across the shifting sand And room for everyone Living in the Promiseland  So they came from a distant isle Nameless woman Faithless child like a bad dream Until there was no room at all No place to run, and no place to fall  Give us our daily bread We have no shoes to wear No place to call our home Only this cross to bear  We are the multitudes Lend us a helping hand Is there no love anymore Living in the Promiseland  Living in the Promiseland Our dreams are made of steel The prayer of every man Is to know how freedom feels  There is a winding road Across the shifting sand And room for everyone Living in the Promiseland|Country
willienelson|Changing Skies|There's a bird in the sky  Flying high, flying high  To a place from a place  Changing skies, changing skies  There are clouds in the sky  Clouds of fear and despair  But love like ours never dies  Changing skies, changing skies   <i>[guitar]</i>  Little bird have you heard  Freedom lies, freedom lies  But love like ours never dies  Just changing skies, changing skies|Country
willienelson|Graceland|The Mississippi Delta was shining like a National guitar  I am following the river down the highway through the cradle of the Civil War  I'm going to Graceland Graceland in Memphis Tennessee I'm going to Graceland  Poorboys and pilgrims with families and we are going to Graceland  My traveling companion is nine years old the child of my first marriage  But I've reason to believe we both will be received in Graceland   She comes back to tell me she's gone  As if I didn't know that as if I didn't know my own bed  As if I'd never noticed she way she brushed her hair from her forehead  And she said losing love is like a window in your heart  Everybody sees you're blown apart everybody feels the wind blow  I'm going to Graceland Graceland in Memphis Tennessee I'm going to Graceland  Poorboys and pilgrims with families and we are going to Graceland  My traveling companions are ghosts and empty sockets ghosts and empties  But I've reason to believe we both will be received in Graceland   There is a girl in Austin Texas and she calls herself the human trampoline  Sometimes when I'm falling flying tumbling in turmoil I say this is what she means  She means we're bouncing into Graceland  And I see losing love ss like a window in your heart  Everybody sees you're blown apart everybody feels the wind blow  And I'm going to Graceland in Memphis Tennessee I'm going to Graceland  For reasons I cannot explain some part of me wants to see Graceland  And I may be obliged to defend every love every ending  Or maybe there's no obligations now  Maybe I've a reason to believe we all will be received in Graceland  Oh oh Graceland I'm going to Graceland|Country
willienelson|Tougher Than Leather|He was Tougher Than Leather, And he didn't care whether, The sun shined or not. When a young kid from Cow Town, Wanted a showdown, And he was careless or just maybe forgot.   But he died in the gunfight, Blinded by sunlight... Never draw when you're facin' the sun. And old Tougher Than Leather, Just carved one more notch on his gun.   And when he turned to go, The beautiful maiden knelt down, Where her dead sweetheart lay. And on his breast, placed a rose, While the townspeople stared in dismay.   And old Tougher Than Leather, Should've known better, But he picked up the rose in his hand. And the townspeople froze, When his hands crushed the rose, And the rose petals fell in the sand.   And old Tougher Than Leather, Was a full-time go-getter. The grass never grew beneath his feet. From one town to another, He would ride like the wind, But his mind kept going back to the street.   Where a young cowboy died, And a young maiden cried, And rose petals fell in the sand. And his heart had been softened, By the beautiful maid, And he knew he must see her again.   Well he went back to the town, Where it all had come down, And he searched but his search was in vain. He had wanted to find her, And say he was sorry, For causing her heart so much pain.   But one night he died, From a poison inside, Brought on by the wrong he had done. And old Tougher Than Leather, Had carved his last notch on his gun.   Well he was burried in Cow Town, Along about sundown, Lookin' good in his new store-bought clothes. When the young maiden came over, And knelt down beside him, And on his lapel placed a rose.   There's a bird in the sky, Flying high, flying high, To a place from a place, Changing skies, changing skies.|Hip-Hop
willienelson|Everywhere I Go|I'll take you with me everywhere I go I'll put you in my pocket who will know? Right next to my heart at every show I'll take you with me everywhere I go  No matter where our trails will finally wind Our paths will just keep crossing yours and mine Until then and in my pocket you must go I'll take you with me everywhere I go  No matter where our trails will finally wind Our paths will just keep crossing yours and mine Until then and in my pocket you must go I'll take you with me everywhere I go Until then and in my pocket you must go I'll take you with me everywhere I go|Country
willienelson|Mendocino County Line|Counted the stars on the 4th of July Wishing they were rockets bursting into the sky Talking about redemption and leaving things behind As the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line  As fierce as Monday morning feeling washed away Our orchestrated paradise couldn't make you stay You dance with the horses through the sands of time As the sun sinks west of the Mendocino County Line  I have these pictures and I keep these photographs To remind me of a time These pictures and these photographs Let me know I'm doin' fine I used to make you happy once upon a time But the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line  The two of us together felt nothin' but right Feeling you near immortal every Friday night Lost in our convictions left stained with wine As the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line  I have these pictures and I keep these photographs To remain me of a time These pictures and these photographs Let me know I'm doin' fine I used to make you happy once upon a time But the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line  I don't talk to you too much these days I just thank the lord pictures don't fade I spent time with an angel just passing through Now all that's left is this image of you  Counted the stars on the 4th of July Wishing we were rockets bursting in the sky Talking about redemption and leaving things behind I have these pictures and I keep these photographs To remind me of a time These pictures and these photographs Let me know I'm doin' fine We used to be so happy once upon a time Once upon a time But the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line And the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line|Country
willienelson|Little Old Fashioned Karma|There's just a little fashioned karma coming down  Just a little old fashioned justice going round  A little bit of sowing and a little bit of reaping  A little bit of laughing and a little bit of weeping  Just a little old fashioned karma coming down  Coming down coming down just a little old fashioned karma coming down  It really ain't hard to understand  If you're gonna dance you gotta pay the band  It's just a little old fashioned karma coming down   <i>[fiddle - guitar - harmonica - piano]</i>  There's just a little fashioned karma...|Country
willienelson|Time of the Preacher|It was the time of the preacher When the story began With the choice of a lady and the love of a man  How he loved her so dearly he went out of his mind When she left him for someone she'd left behind  He cried like a baby He screamed like a panther in the middle of the night And he saddled his pony and went for a ride  It was the time of the preacher in the year of 01 Now the preachin' is over and the lesson's begun  <i>[Guitar music]</i>|Country
willienelson|I Couldn't Believe It Was True|Well, last night I came home an' I knocked on my door, An' I called to my love as I oft had before. An' I knocked an' I knocked: no answer thee came. No kisses to greet me or voice call my name.  An' I couldn't believe it was true, oh Lord. Couldn't believe it was true. An' my eyes filled with tears an' I must've aged in years, An' I couldn't believe it was true.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>  Well, the shock was so great, I am quiverin' yet. An' I'll try to forgive but I cannot forget. My heart breakin' loss is another man's gain. Her happiness, always, I hope will remain.  An' I couldn't believe it was true, oh Lord. Couldn't believe it was true. An' my eyes filled with tears an' I must've aged in years, An' I couldn't believe it was true.|Country
willienelson|Summer of Roses|A short time I have to be with you my love But a short time is better than no time you see So I bring to you all my posessions and would that you'd share them with me I bring you one springtime of robins one springtime of robins to sing And I bring you one summer of roses one summer of roses I bring I bring you one autumn dry leaves dry leaves will be helpful you know To soften the fall of your snowflakes when I bring you your winter of snow|Country
willienelson|Red Headed Stranger|The red-headed stranger from Blue Rock, Montana Rode into town one day And under his knees was a ragin' black stallion And walkin' behind was a bay The red-headed stranger had eyes like the thunder And his lips, they were sad and tight His little lost love lay asleep on the hillside And his heart was heavy as night Don't cross him, don't boss him He's wild in his sorrow He's ridin' an' hidin his pain Don't fight him, don't spite him Just wait till tomorrow Maybe he'll ride on again  A yellow-haired lady leaned out of her window An' watched as he passed her way She drew back in fear at the sight of the stallion But cast greedy eyes on the bay But how could she know that this dancin' bay pony Meant more to him than life For this was the horse that his little lost darlin' Had ridden when she was his wife  Don't cross him, don't boss him He's wild in his sorrow He's ridin' an' hidin his pain Don't fight him, don't spite him Just wait till tomorrow Maybe he'll ride on again  The yellow-haired lady came down to the tavern An' looked up the stranger there He bought her a drink, an' he gave her some money He just didn't seem to care She followed him out as he saddled his stallion An' laughed as she grabbed at the bay He shot her so quick, they had no time to warn her She never heard anyone say  Don't cross him, don't boss him He's wild in his sorrow He's ridin' an' hidin his pain Don't fight him, don't spite him Just wait till tomorrow Maybe he'll ride on again  The yellow-haired lady was buried at sunset The stranger went free, of course For you can't hang a man for killin' a woman Who's tryin' to steal your horse This is the tale of the red headed stranger And if he should pass your way Stay out of the path of the ragin' black stallion And don't lay a hand on the bay  Don't cross him, don't boss him He's wild in his sorrow He's ridin' an' hidin his pain Don't fight him, don't spite him Just wait till tomorrow Maybe he'll ride on again|Country
willienelson|The Convict and the Rose|Within my prison cell so dreary  Alone I sit alone with aching heart  I'm dreaming of my little darling  From her forever I must part   The rose she sent me as a token  She sent it just to light my gloom  And tell me that her heart is broken  And cheer me before I meet my doom   The judge would not believe my story  The jury said I have to pay  And with the rose in all its glory  Not guilty's all that I could say   Goodbye sweetheart for in the morning  To meet my Maker I must go  And when I die at daylight's dawning  Against my heart they'll find this rose   <i>[guitar]</i>  Within my prison cell so dreary...|Country
willienelson|I Am the Forest|I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest but you are the trees I'm empty without you so come grow within me For I am the forest and you are the trees And the heavens need romance so love never dies You'll be the stars dear and I'll be the sky And should any of this find us let them all be forewarned That you are the thunder and I am the storm And I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest and you are the trees I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest but you are the trees <i>[guitar]</i> I'll always be with you for as long as you please For I am the forest but you are the trees <i>[mandolin]</i>|Country
willienelson|Nobody Slides, My Friend|Nobody slides, my friend  It's a truth on which  You can depend  If you're living a lie  It will eat you alive  And nobody slides, my friend   Nobody slides, my friend  You can try it  But you'll never win  You can scream  You can shout  But it all evens out  And nobody slides my, friend   <i>[guitar]</i>  Nobody slides, my friend  Listen I'll say it again  You can run  You can hide  But it's still waitin' inside  And nobody slides, my friend|Country
willienelson|Summer of Roses / December Day|A short time I have to be with you my love But a short time is better than no time you see And I bring to you all my posessions And would that you'd share them with me I bring you one springtime of robins One springtime of robins to sing I bring you one summer of roses One summer of roses I bring I bring you dry leaves of autumn Dry leaves will be helpful you know To soften the fall of your snowflakes When I bring you your winter of snow  This looks like a December day. This looks like a "time to remember" day. And I remember the spring, such a sweet tender thing. And love's summer college, Where the green leaves of knowledge, Were waiting to fall with the Fall.   And where September wine, Numbed the measure of time. Through the tears of October, now November's over, And this looks like a December day.   This looks like a December day. It looks like we've come to the end of the way. And as my memories race back to love's eager beginning, Reluctant to play with the thoughts of the ending: The ending that won't go away.   And as my memories race back to love's eager beginning, Reluctant to play with the thoughts of the ending: The ending that won't go away.   And this looks like a December day.|Country
willienelson|Denver|The bright lights of Denver are shinin' like diamonds Like ten thousand jewels in the sky And it's nobody's business where you're goin' Or where you come from And you're judged by the look in your eye  She saw him, that evenin' in a tavern in town In a quiet little out of the way place And they smiled at each other as he walked through the door And they danced with their smiles on their faces And they danced with a smile on their face|Country
willienelson|Can I Sleep in Your Arms?|Can I sleep in your arms tonight lady it's so cold lying here all alone And I have no hold to hold on you and I assure you I'll do you no wrong  Don't know why but the one I love left me left me lonely and cold and so weak And I need someone's arms to hold me till I'm strong enough to get back on my feet Can I sleep in your arms... <i>[piano]</i> Can I sleep in your arms... <i>[guitar - harmonica]</i>|Country
willienelson|Remember Me|You told me once that you were mine alone forever And I was yours till the end of eternity But all those vows are broken now  And we will never be the same except in memory  Remember me when the candle lights are gleaming Remember me at the close of a long long day It would be so sweet when all alone I'm dreaming Just to know you still remember me  A brighter face may take my place when we're apart dear Another love with a heart more bold than free But in the end fair-weather friends may break your heart dear If they do sweetheart remember me  Remember me when the candle lights are gleaming Remember me at the close of a long long day It would be so sweet when all alone I'm dreaming Just to know you still remember me  Just to know you still remember me|Country
willienelson|Hands on the Wheel|At a time when the world seems to be spinnin' hopelessly out of control, There's deceivers an' believers an' old in-betweeners, That seem to have no place to go. Well, it's the same old song, it's right an' it's wrong, An' livin' is just somethin' that I do. An' with no place to hide, I looked in your eyes, An' I found myself in you.  I looked to the stars, tried all of the bars. An' I've nearly gone up in smoke. Now my hand's on the wheel, I've something that's real, An' I feel like I'm goin' home.  An' in the shade of an oak down by the river, Sit an old man an' a boy, Settin' sail, spinnin' tales an' fishin' for whales, With a lady they both enjoy. Well, it's the same damn tune, it's the man in the moon. It's the way that I feel about you. An' with no place to hide, I looked in your eyes, An' I found myself in you.  An' I looked to the stars, tried all of the bars. An' I've nearly gone up in smoke. Now my hand's on the wheel, I've something that's real, An' I feel like I'm goin' home.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>|Country
willienelson|Summertime|Summertime, and the livin' is easy Fish are bitin' and the cotton is high Your daddy's rich and your mammy's good looking So hush, little baby, don't want you cry  Some of these days you're gonna rise up smiling Spread your wings and take to the sky Till that time there ain't nothing gonna harm you So hush, little baby, don't you cry Hush, little baby, don't you cry|Country
johnnycash|Run Softly, Blue River|(Run softly Blue River my darlin's asleep run softly Blue River run cool and deep)  Run softly Blue River my darlin's asleep run softly Blue River run cool and deep  Oh I thrill to her kisses and she thrills to mine  Run softly while she sleeps and dreams for a time  Cause she dreams of tomorrow when she'll be my wife  And I pray that as peaceful as you is our life  And if your murmuring soothes me till I'm sleeping too  Run softly Blue River we'll both dream with you  (Run softly Blue River my darlin's asleep run softly Blue River run cool and deep)  Oh I thrill to her kisses...  (Run softly Blue River my darlin's asleep run softly Blue River run cool and deep)  (Run softly Blue River my darlin's asleep run softly Blue River run cool and deep)|Country
johnnycash|Frankie's Man Johnny|Well now, Frankie and Johnny were sweethearts They were true as a blue, blue sky He was a long-legged guitar picker with a wicked wanderin' eye But he was her man nearly all of the time  Well, Johnny he packed up to leave her, but he promised he'd be back He said he had a little pickin' to do a little farther down the track He said, "I'm your man, I wouldn't do you wrong" Well, Frankie curled up on the sofa, thinkin' about her man Far away the couples were dancing to the music of his band He was Frankie's man, he wadn't doin' her wrong  Then, in the front door walked a redhead, Johnny saw her right away She came down by the bandstand to watch him while he played He was Frankie's man, but she was far away He sang every song to the redhead, she smiled back at him  Then he came and sat at her table where the lights were low and dim What Frankie didn't know wouldn't hurt her none Then the redhead jumped up and slapped him, she slapped him a time or two She said, "I'm Frankie's sister and I was checking up on you If you're her man you better treat her right"  Well, the moral of this story is be good but carry a stick Sometimes it looks like a guitar picker just can't tell what to pick He was Frankie's man and he still ain't done her wrong|Country
johnnycash|That's All Over|Mhm mhm when you left I shed a million teardrops over you But that's all over my crying days are through When you left my heart was cold and every day was blue But that's all over I've found somebody new Someone that can make me happy make me wanna smile Someone I'm gonna have around me for a long long while Someday we may meet again but I won't fall for you That's all over I've found somebody new mhm mhm  Someone that can make me happy... Yes that's all over I've found somebody new mhm mhm|Country
johnnycash|One More Ride|I long for the trip don't need no grip I'm takin' one more ride Way out there in the prairie air I guess it's in my hide Oh the clickety clack of the railroad track is callin' If a man could know where the Santa Fe goes when she gets under steam And the big loud bell that bongs farewell to hear her whistle scream She's bound to go where there ain't no snow a fallin' One more ride One more ride  I miss the gloom of the prairie moon that seemed to know my name And the tumbleweed where the prairie don't feed I miss them just the same They're all a part of a song of heart I'm sayin' I recall the tune that I sang to the moon and it seemed to make it smile And I rode away at the close of day and I stayed so long awhile But I long to be where the memory is ringing One more ride One more ride  As the years go by I wonder why I longed to leave my home And to hit the trail of the iron rail away out there alone But my heart would sigh till I know that I am leavin' If I don't come back on a oneway track way down from Mexico You could find me there or any old where that a tumbleweed will grow It's a goodbye now you'll never know how I'm grievin' One more ride One more ride|Country
johnnycash|That's Enough|Well now I heard that you been thinking bout me really I don't mind I know you try to block my progress a lot of the time Well the mean things you said don't make me feel bad Cause I can't miss a friend that I never had (I've got) I've got Jesus and that's enough (that's enough) that's enough When I'm sick (he's there) and troubled (he's there) When I call him he will answer my prayers (answer my prayers) When I'm burdened (he's there) with a load (he's there) That's when Jesus is a comforter (to my soul) Well you may scorn me turn your back on me God's got his arms wrapped all around me (I've got) I've got Jesus and that's enough (that's enough) that's enough You know there's been a lotta times that I didn't have a dime And I didn't cry to nobody but my Lord He heard my plea and came to see about me cause he's one thing I can afford So if you push me down he'll pick me up And he'll stick by me when the goin' gets tough (I've got) I've got Jesus and that's enough (that's enough) that's enough Well he's the great emancipator and my heart regulator (Jesus is) yes he is He'll make my way brighter and my burdens lighter yes he will (Jesus will) Well you may scorn me turn your back on me God's got his arms wrapped all around me And he fights down the devil till he makes him give up And that's enough (that's enough) that's enough When I'm sick (he's there)....|Country
johnnycash|I Still Miss Someone|At my door the leaves are falling A cold wild wind has come Sweethearts walk by together And I still miss someone  I go out on a party And look for a little fun But I find a darkened corner Because I still miss someone  Oh, no I never got over those blue eyes I see them every where I miss those arms that held me When all the love was there  I wonder if she's sorry For leavin' what we'd begun There's someone for me somewhere And I still miss someone|Country
johnnycash|Don't Take Your Guns to Town|A young cowboy named Billy Joe grew restless on the farm A boy filled with wonderlust who really meant no harm He changed his clothes and shined his boots And combed his dark hair down And his mother cried as he walked out  <i>[Chorus]</i> Don't take your guns to town son Leave your guns at home Bill Don't take your guns to town  He laughed and kissed his mom And said your Billy Joe's a man I can shoot as quick and straight as anybody can But I wouldn't shoot without a cause I'd gun nobody down But she cried again as he rode away  <i>[Chorus]</i> Don't take your guns to town son Leave your guns at home Bill Don't take your guns to town  He sang a song as on he rode His guns hung at his hips He rode into a cattle town A smile upon his lips He stopped and walked into a bar And laid his money down But his mother's words echoed again  <i>[Chorus]</i> Don't take your guns to town son Leave your guns at home Bill Don't take your guns to town  He drank his first strong liquor then to calm his shaking hand And tried to tell himself at last, he had become a man A dusty cowpoke at his side began to laugh him down And he heard again his mothers words  <i>[Chorus]</i> Don't take your guns to town son Leave your guns at home Bill Don't take your guns to town  Filled with rage then Billy Joe reached for his gun to draw But the stranger drew his gun and fired Before he even saw As Billy Joe fell to the floor The crowd all gathered 'round And wondered at his final words  <i>[Chorus]</i> Don't take your guns to town son Leave your guns at home Bill Don't take your guns to town|Country
johnnycash|I'd Rather Die Young|I'd rather die young than grow old without you  So don't ever leave me whatever you do  To see someone's picture where my picture hung  Believe me my darling I'd rather die young  I'd rather die young than grow old without you  So don't ever leave me whatever you do  Though others may tempt you and tell you they care  You'll find only sorrow in a secret affair  Don't leave me never leave me please don't leave me never leave me  I'd rather die young..   I'd rather die young...|Country
johnnycash|Pickin' Time|I got cotton in the bottom land It's up and growin' and I got a good stand My good wife and them kids of mine Gonna get new shoes, come Pickin' Time Get new shoes come Pickin' Time.  Ev'ry night when I go to bed I thank the Lord that my kids are fed They live on beans eight days and nine But I get 'em fat come Pickin' Time Get 'em fat come come Pickin' Time.  The corn is yellow and the beans are high The sun is hot in the summer sky The work is hard til layin' by Layin' by til Pickin' Time Layin' by til Pickin' Time.  It's hard to see by the coal-oil light And I turn it off purty early at night 'Cause a jug of coal-oil costs a dime But I stay up late come Pickin' Time Stay up late come Pickin' Time.  My old wagon barely gets me to town I patched the wheels and I watered 'em down Keep her in shape so she'll be fine To haul my cotton come Pickin' Time Haul my cotton come Pickin' Time.  Last Sunday mornin' when they passed the hat It was still nearly empty back where I sat But the preacher smiled and said that's fine The Lord'll wait til Pickin' Time The Lord'll wait til Pickin' Time.|Country
willienelson|Night Life|When the evenin' sun goes down You will find me hangin' 'round Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life But it's my life  Many people just like me Dreamin' of old used-to-be's Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life Ah, but it's my life  Listen to the blues that they're playin' Listen what the blues are sayin'  Life is just another scene In this old world of broken dreams Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life But it's my life  Oh, the night life ain't no good life Oh, but it's my life  Yeah, it's my life|Country
johnnycash|Supper Time|Many years ago in days of childhood I used to play till evening shadows came Then winding down an old familiar pathway I hear my mother call at setting sun Come home come home it's suppertime the shadows lengthen fast Come home come home it's suppertime we're going home at last Through the distant clouds I see my mother Her face is shining bright, with tender love She's gone up in heaven, with her maker And I can still hear her voice, from up above (and she said) Come home come home it's suppertime the shadows lengthen fast Come home come home it's suppertime we're going home at last|Country
johnnycash|Lost on the Desert|A burnin' hot sun a cryin' for water black wings circle the sky  Stumblin' and fallin' somebody's callin' you're lost on the desert to die  I had to give up and they took me to jail but I hid all the money I got  Way out on the desert where no one could get it and I left a mark at the spot  Then I got away and I ran for the desert the devil had taken control  I needed water but he said I'd make it near the money is a big waterhole  A burnin' hot sun...   Just up ahead is where I left my mark or it may be to the left or the right  I've been runnin' all day and they'll catch up tomorrow I've got to find it tonight  Then up jumped the devil and ran away laughin' he drank all the waterholes dry  He moved my mark till I'm running in circles and lost on the desert to die  A burnin' hot sun...  (Lost on the desert to die) lost on the desert to die (lost on the desert to die)|Country
johnnycash|Accidentally on Purpose|Accidentally I saw you this morning You were lovely dressed in your wedding gown And they say that you married a stranger to me That had drifted to our old hometown  Accidentally you've met him one evening And you say it was love at first sight Accidentally on purpose you've married Accidentally on purpose for spite  'Cause I saw out cheatin' and runnin' around And I was just a fool with a heart of a clown Accidentally you were mistaken that night Accidentally on purpose for spite  'Cause I saw out cheatin'|Country
johnnycash|In the Jailhouse Now|He's in the jailhouse now He's in the jailhouse now I told him once or twice To quit playin' cards and shootin' dice He's in the jailhouse now  Well I had a friend named Ramblin' Bob Who used to steal, gamble and rob He thought he was the smartest guy in town But I found out last Monday That Bob got locked up Sunday They got him in the jailhouse way down town  He's in the jailhouse now He's in the jailhouse now I told him once or twice To quit playin' cards and shootin' dice He's in the jailhouse now  Well I went out last Tuesday Met a girl named Susie I told her I was the swellest man around Well she started in to spend my money She started in to call me honey We took in every honky tonk in town  We're in the jailhouse now We're in the jailhouse now They told us once or twice To quit playin' cards and shootin' dice We're in the jailhouse now|Country
johnnycash|Mr. Lonesome|I've got no fire inside of me can't be the man I try to be  Oh Mr Lonesome hanging round  Don't wanna see nobody don't wanna be nobody  Oh Mr Lonesome got me down  He makes me leave the party when folks are laughin' hearty  Happiness is one thing he can't stand  Nobody wants or needs me I go just where he leads me  Oh Mr Lonesome got my hand  And so my whole life over each day is like the other but still if my one wish could be  If that old chain that binds me breaks when true love finds me  And Mr Lonesome sets me free oh Mr Lonesome got me down|Country
johnnycash|You Won't Have Far to Go|I can see now that you've stacked the cards so I leave you with my best regards  When you play to feel with nothing left to show look for me you won't have far to go  Love's a gamble and I'm a gamblin' man I've done everything to make you understand  But the odds are high and luck is running low look for me you won't have far to go  You won't have far to go if you want me cause I'm gonna stick close to you  And I'm not the kind to say I told you so look for me you won't have far to go   You won't have far to go...|Country
willienelson|I Never Cared for You|The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all And the sky was never blue The stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  I know you won't believe these things I tell you No, you won't believe Your heart has been forewarned all men will lie to you  And your mind cannot conceive Now all depends on what I say to you And on your doubting me So I've prepared these statements far from true Pay heed and disbelieve  The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all The sky was never blue Stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  And the sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all Sky was never blue The stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall And I never cared for you  I never cared for you I never cared for you|Country
willienelson|Me and Paul|It's been rough and rocky travelin', But I'm finally standing upright on the ground. And after takin' several readings, I'm surprised to find my mind's still fairly sound. I thought Nashville was the roughest, But I know I said the same about them all. We received our education  In the cities of the nation, me and Paul.  Almost busted in Laredo, But for reasons that I'd rather not disclose, But if you're stayin' in a motel there and leave, Just don't leave nothin' in your clothes. And at the airport in Milwaukee, They refused to let us board the plane at all, They said we looked suspicious, But I believe they like to pick on me and Paul.   And on a package show in Buffalo With us and Kitty Wells and Charlie Pride. The show was long and we was just sittin' there And we'd come to play and not just for the ride. And we drank a lot of whiskey, So I don't know if we went on that night at all. But I don't think they even missed us I guess Buffalo ain't geared for me and Paul.  It's been rough and rocky traveling But I'm finally standin' upright on the ground. And after takin' several readings, I'm surprised to find my mind's still fairly sound. I thought Nashville was the roughest,  But I know I said the same about them all. We received our education  In the cities of the nation, me and Paul.|Country
johnnycash|In Them Old Cottonfields Back Home|When I was a little bitty baby my mama would rock me in my cradle  In them old cottonfields back home  When I was a little bitty baby...  Now when them cotton bolls get rotten you can't pick very much cotton  In them old cottonfields back home  It was down in Louisiana just about a mile from Texarkana  In them old cottonfields back home   When I was a little bitty baby...  When I was a little bitty baby...  In them old cottonfields back home in them old cottonfields back home|Country
willienelson|Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain|In the twilight glow I see her Blue eyes cryin' in the rain When we kissed goodbye and parted I knew we'd never meet again  Love is like a dyin' ember Only memories remain Through the ages I'll remember Blue eyes cryin' in the rain  Some day when we meet up yonder We'll stroll hand in hand again In a land that knows no partin' Blue eyes cryin' in the rain|Country
willienelson|Good Hearted Woman|A long time forgotten are dreams that just felt by the way. And the good life he promised ain't what she's living to day. But she never complains of the bad times or bad things he's done Lord. She's just talks about the good times they've had and all the good times to come.  She's a good hearted woman in love with a good timin' man. She loves him in spite of his ways that she don't understand. Through teardrops and laughter  they'll pass through this world hand in hand. A good hearted woman lovin' her good timin' man.  He likes the night life  the brightlights and good timin' friends. When the party's all over she welcome him back home again. Lord knows she don't understand him but she does the best that she can. 'Cause she's a good hearted woman she loves her good timin' man.  She's a good hearted woman ...|Country
johnnycash|Delia's Gone|Delia, oh, Delia Delia all my life  If I hadn't have shot poor  Delia I'd have had her for my wife  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone  I went up to Memphis  And I met Delia there Found her in her parlor  And I tied to her chair  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone  She was low down and trifling  And she was cold and mean  Kind of evil make me want to Grab my sub machine  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone  First time I shot her I shot her in the side  Hard to watch her suffer  But with the second shot she died  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone  But jailer, oh, jailer Jailer, I can't sleep 'Cause all around my bedside  I hear the patter of Delia's feet  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone  So if you woman's devilish  You can let her run  Or you can bring her down and do her  Like Delia got done  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone|Country
johnnycash|I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know|You think you know the smile on her lips the thrill at the touch of her fingertips But I forgot more than you'll ever know about her You think you'll find a heaven of bliss in each caress and each tender kiss But I forgot more than you'll ever know about her  You stole her love from me one day you didn't care how you've hurt me But you can never steal away mem'ries of what used to be You think she's yours to have and to hold But someday you'll learn when her love grows cold That I forgot more than you'll ever know about her  You stole her love from me...|Country
johnnycash|You Remembered Me|You were young and needed love and I was wild and free But every time you said a prayer you said a prayer for me Why the ring upon your hand we vowed fidelity There were times when I forgot but you remembered me (There were times when I forgot but you remembered me)  You remembered only that wedding bells would ring You remembered only to count the days till spring You knew only love and honor but I couldn't see I regret that I forgot cause you remembered me (I regret that I forgot cause you remembered me)  I believed that promises were made to break apart But every time I broke a vow I always broke your heart So here's to you God bless you now wherever you may be There were times that I forgot but you remembered me (There were times that I forgot but you remembered me)  You remembered only that wedding bells would ring...|Country
willienelson|If You've Got the Money, I've Got the Time|(Two one two three four one) If you've got the money honey I've got the time We'll go honky tonkin' and we'll have a time We'll have more fun baby all way down the line If you've got the money honey I've got the time There ain't no need to tarry let's start out tonight We'll have fun oh boy oh boy and we'll do it right Bring along your Cadillac leave my old wreck behind If you've got the money honey I've got the time <i>[piano - harmonica]</i> We'll go honky tonkin' make every spot in town We'll go to the every spot and leave all gold around If you run short of money I'll run short of time If you've got no more money honey I've got no more time If you've got the money honey I've got the time We'll go honky tonkin' and we'll have a time Bring along your Cadillac leave my old wreck behind If you've got the money honey I've got the time|Country
willienelson|Uncloudy Day|Oh, they tell me of a home far beyond the skies Oh, they tell me of a home far away Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh, they tell me of an unclouded day  Oh, the land of cloudless day Oh, the land of an unclouded sky Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh, they tell me of an unclouded day  Oh, they tell me of a home where my friends have gone Oh, they tell me of that land far away Where the tree of life in eternal bloom Sheds its fragrance through the unclouded day  Oh, the land of cloudless day Oh, the land of an unclouded sky Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh, they tell me of an unclouded day  Oh, they tell me of a King in His beauty there And they tell me that mine eyes shall behold Where He sits on the throne that is whiter than snow In the city that is made of gold  Oh, the land of cloudless day Oh, the land of an unclouded sky Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh, they tell me of an unclouded day  Oh, they tell me that He smiles on His children there And His smile drives their sorrows all away And they tell me that no tears ever come again In that lovely land of unclouded day  Oh, the land of cloudless day Oh, the land of an unclouded sky Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh, they tell me of an unclouded day|Country
johnnycash|I'm Free From the Chain Gang Now|I got rid of the shackles that bound me and the guards that were always around me There were tears on the mail mother wrote me in jail But I'm free from the chain gang now All the years I was known and respected 'til one day I was wrongly suspected I was shackled in chains in a cold freezin' rain but I'm free from the chain gang now  All the years I was known by a number how I kept my mind is a wonder But like a bird in a tree I got my liberty and I'm free from the chain gang now I got rid of the shackles that bound me and the guards that were always around me There were tears on the mail mother sent me in jail But I'm free from the chain gang now There were tears on the mail mother wrote me in jail But I'm free from the chain gang now|Country
johnnycash|Let Me Down Easy|Let me down easy if you must go why not deceive me it won't hurt me so  Truth is so painful tell me a lie let me down easy and I'll get by  Let me down easy for old time's sake  Is it too much to ask when my heart's gonna break  I'm bound to lose you I'm bound to cry oh let me down easy and I'll get by   Let me down easy..|Country
johnnycash|Sing It Pretty, Sue|So you gave up all between us for a glamorous carear  And with all your talent you should be the big star of the year  Then you'll be public property so I release my claim to you  Go on and give 'em all you've got sing it pretty Sue  I can't take just part of you and give the world a half  So Smile for all the papers and give 'em autographs  Go on to all the cities so your public can see you  But I'll watch on television so sing it pretty Sue   I hope you'll soon be on the top of every hitparade  I'll try to be excited bout the progress that you've made  I'll collect your pictures like any fan would do  And I'll buy all your records so sing it pretty Sue  But I won't ever tell a soul that we have ever met  I'll just be one of millions who'll give the praise you get  And maybe every year or so I'll drop a card to you  To tell you I'm still listening so sing it pretty Sue|Country
willienelson|Heartbreak Hotel|Oh since my baby left me I've found new place to dwell Down at the end on Lonely Street at Heartbreak Hotel I get so lonely baby I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I could die And though it's always crowded you can still find some room For broken hearted lovers to cry away the gloom I get so lonely baby I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I could die <i>[guitar - sax]</i> Well the bellhop's tears keep flowing the deskclerk's dressed in black They've been so long on Lonely Street they'll never never never get back I get so lonely baby I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I could die So if your baby leaves and you got a tale to tell Just take a walk down Lonely Street to Heartbreak Hotel I get so lonely baby I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I could die <i>[guitar]</i> Oh since my baby left me...|Country
willienelson|Help Me Make It Through the Night|Take the ribbons from your hair shake 'em loose and let 'em fall Let 'em fall against your chin like the shadows on the wall Come and lay down by my side till the early morning light All I'm taking is your time help me make it through the night Well I don't care who's right or wrong and I won't try to understand Let the devil take tomorrow cause tonight I need a friend Yesterday is dead and gone and tomorrow's out of sight And it's sad to be alone help me make it through the night <i>[ac.guitar]</i> Well I don't care who's right or wrong... I can't stand to be alone help me make it through the night|Country
willienelson|Whiskey River|Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   I'm drowning in a whiskey river, Bathing my mem'ried mind in the wetness of its soul. Feeling the amber current flowin' from my mind. And warm an empty heart you left so cold.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.   <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I'm drowning in a whiskey river, Bathing my mem'ried mind in the wetness of its soul. Feeling the amber current flowin' from my mind. And warm an empty heart you left so cold.   Whiskey River take my mind, Don't let her mem'ry torture me. Whiskey River don't run dry, You're all I've got, take care of me.|Country
johnnycash|From Sea to Shining Sea|The beautiful spacious skies, the amber waves of grain To the majestic purple mountains above the fruited plain God did shed His grace from sea to shining sea on you and on me From Sleepy Hollow mountain country to the swamps of Okefenokee  To Guthrie Oklahoma, to Hibbing Minnesota To Grants Pass Oregon, to Stone Pipe Wells, California From Texas to Montana, from California to Maine  In the sunny days the winter snow from Arizona sand To Cherokee North Carolina, to Tarpen Springs Florida America, it's time to be refreshed, recalled to memory God did shed His grace on Thee from sea to shining sea  The land is big the best is free Sand and surf grass and tree from sea to shining sea God shed His grace on me And crown Thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea|Country
willienelson|My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys|I grew up a-dreamin' of bein' a cowboy, and Lovin' the cowboy ways. Pursuin' the life of my high-ridin' heroes, I burned up my childhood days. I learned all the rules of the modern-day drifter, Don't you hold on to nothin' too long. Just take what you need from the ladies, then leave them, With the words of a sad country song. My heroes have always been cowboys. And they still are, it seems. Sadly, in search of, but one step in back of, Themselves and their slow-movin' dreams.  Cowboys are special with their own brand of misery, From being alone too long. You could die from the cold in the arms of a nightman, Knowin' well that your best days are gone. Pickin' up hookers instead of my pen, I let the words of my years fade away. Old worn-out saddles, and 'old worn-out memories, With no one and no place to stay.  My heroes have always been cowboys. And they still are, it seems. Sadly, in search of, but one step in back of, Themselves and their slow-movin' dreams.  Sadly, in search of, but one step in back of, Themselves and their slow-movin' dreams.|Country
johnnycash|The Whirl and the Suck|It took a mighty good man with salty hands And a mighty long raft to keep the fore before the act You take ten good men and guts and luck And you might navigate the whirl and the suck  Well the Tennessee River changed its mind at Chattanooga she oughta unwind She could a run right on the Georgia Sea but she cut right back through Tennessee Well the settlers come by raft and boat bringin' everything that could stay a float But like a loco horse that'll twist and buck They hardly ever made it through the whirl and the suck  It took a mighty good man...  When General Washington was in his knicker bocks The Cherokee Indians through the Chattanooga Rocks And the Chickamagua tribe and the Nickajack They kept the watch where the river cut back And if a raft or a boat ever rode the bend The Indians got 'em cause they had 'em hemmed in  It took a mighty good man...|Country
johnnycash|Call Daddy From the Mines|A little girl woke up deep in the dark and started cryin'  The mother brought a light and held her daughter tight  She thought it was so strange to hear a little girl of nine  Cry call daddy from the mine call daddy from the mine   Her mother wiped the tears and said see honey you're only dreaming  Your dad must work today he has to draw his pay  She left her then but still could hear her cry time after time  Call daddy from the mine call daddy from the mine   Then the countryside was shaken by a mighty rumble  And fear for miles around was the trembling of the ground  The little girl was fast asleep yet cried out one more time  Call daddy from the mine call daddy from the mine   Ten thousand tears and two weeks later deep in the smoking ground  A dying man was found had survived all those around  He'd quickly crawled to a fresh air pocket barely just in time  When he heard his own child whine call daddy from the mine  Call daddy from the mine call daddy from the mine|Country
willienelson|Faded Love|When I look at the letter that you wrote to me It's you that I'm thinking of As I read the lines that to me were so sweet I remember our faded love  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I miss you darlin' more and more every day As heaven would miss the stars above With every heartbeat I still think of you And remember our faded love  As I think of the past and all the pleasure we had, As I watch the mating of a dove, And it was in the springtime that we said goodbye. I remember our faded love.  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>|Country
willienelson|On the Road Again|On the road again Just can't wait to get on the road again The life I love is makin' music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again  On the road again Goin' places that I've never been Seein' things that I may never see again And I can't wait to get on the road again  On the road again Like a band of gypsies, we go down the highway We're the best of friends Insisting that the world be turnin' our way And our way  Is on the road again Just can't wait to get on the road again The life I love is makin' music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again  On the road again Like a band of gypsies, we go down the highway We're the best of friends Insisting that the world be turnin' our way And our way  Is on the road again Just can't wait to get on the road again The life I love is makin' music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again And I can't wait to get on the road again|Country
willienelson|Pancho and Lefty|Livin on the road my friend, is gonna keep you free and clean Now you wear your skin like iron Your breath as hard as kerosene You weren't your momma's only boy, but her favorite one it seemed She began to cry when you said goodbye And sank into your dreams  Pancho was a bandit boy, his horse was fast as polished steel He wore his gun outside his pants For all the honest world to feel Pancho met his match, you know, on the deserts down in Mexico Nobody heard his dyin words, ah but that's the way it goes  All the Federales say, they could've had him any day They only let him slip away, out of kindness, I suppose  Lefty, he can't sing the blues all night long like he used to The dust that Pancho bit down south ended up in Lefty's mouth The day they laid poor Pancho low, Lefty split for Ohio Where he got the bread to go, there ain't nobody knows  All the Federales say, they could've had him any day They only let him slip away, out of kindness I suppose  The poets tell how old Pancho fell, and Lefty's livin in cheap hotels The desert's quiet, Cleveland's cold And so the story ends, we're told Pancho needs your prayers it's true, but save a few for Lefty too He only did what he had to do, and now he's growing old  All the Federales say, they could've had him any day They only let him go so long, out of kindness I suppose  A few gray Federales say, they could've had him any day They only let him go so long, out of kindness I suppose|Country
johnnycash|The Masterpiece|There was an old stone-cutter who lived in a cabin on the mountain side  And the old stone-cutter knew it won't be long before he died  And all around his cabin were statues the man had made  Statues that the buyers said were all of a mediocre grade  With his calloused hands he lit a lamp and laid down his head on his handmade table  And he softly whispered Lord I'm old and shaky and I'm hardly able  But give me strenght and wisdom and give me a week at least  And I'll climb up to the top of this mountain and chisel out a masterpiece  The very next morning he felt new strenght  And he took his brand new hammer and the sharpest chisel  He began to climb the mountain his old feet slipping in the freezing dizzle  When he finally reached the top he shouted to a world that didn't hear  I'll carve my masterpiece out of this marble boulder here  So the hammer beat the chisel and he hammered till an image grew  Then he stopped to look it over to appraise his work when he was through  It was a boy carrying a crippled boy and the old man said it isn't my masterpiece  I'll call it charity and then a masterpiece of mine will be  So the hammer beat the chisel til another immage in a marbel grew  Then the wind began to blowing and he sat and rested when he was through  It was the image of a mother holding her child  He said this is love as the world would know  But it isn't my masterpiece and he began again as it began to snow  The hammer beat the chisel as the snow fell harder and the wind grew and grew  He fell to his knees holding a stone and he threw down his hammer and his chisel too  He lay frozen face down in the snow but one hand was held for the world to see  Cut in the marble was his masterpice three neatly carved letters GOD|Country
johnnycash|You and Tennessee|Like a sweet rippling mountain stream  Goes the sound of the banjo on Cripple Creek  Never beginning never ending just rippling on and on  So does the land just ripple on and on  As a heart gets soft on a woman so can the heart get soft on the land  And to fall in love with a woman as well as the land is to surely be in love   I stayed away too long I know and every day was slow to go  Every night I dreamed I was here it's been a mighty lonely year  Every mile I needed you I kinda hope that you needed me too  Everywhere I saw your face around every town I was in  This old familiar place welcomed me again  Back to where I belonged to be back to you and Tennessee  Back to you and Tennessee   Beside the Cumberland River where the grass is soft and sweet  We ran across the fields of cedar hiding from the noisy streets  And when the leaves fell from the cold the stars were silver the moon was gold  I said it's yours with love from me  I'm planting my roots in this ground and when they look for me I'll be found  With something that is part of me you and Tennessee  Back with you and Tennessee|Country
willienelson|Forgiving You Was Easy|Forgiving you was easy, forgetting seems to take the longest time. I just keep thinking and your memory is forever on my mind. You know I'll always love you and I can't forget the day when you were mine.  Forgiving you was easy but forgetting seems to take the longest time.  The bitter fruit of anger growing from the seeds of jealousy. Oh what a heart ache but I forgive the things you said to me. For I believe forgiving is the only way I'll find peace of mind.  Forgiving you was easy but forgetting seems to take the longest time.  The years have past so quickly, As once again they've sealed a young man's dream of all the golden years  And growing old together you and me.  You ask me to forgive you.  You said there was another on your mind, Forgiving you was easy but forgetting seems to take the longest time....|Country
johnnycash|Another Song to Sing|Do they ask you where I am or where I've been  Do they ever say where is the lonely friend  Is my name whispered in your bedside prayers  Do you feel a vacant spot beside you there   Well there's always one more path that I must walk  And there's people I should sit down with and talk  And somebody might appreciate the flowers I could bring  So there's always another song to sing   Do you tell them I was wilder than the wind  Do you remember that I needed lots of friends  And at other times I'd rather be alon  Where I could not be found when I was gone   Well there's always one more canyon to explore  To touch the things left by those gone before  At the top of the tiniest hill I can feel like I'm a king  And there's always another song to sing|Country
johnnycash|The Flint Arrowhead|While traveling this land from border to border and from sea to sea There have a few occasions to leave the beaten path and to find the place And quiet that's good for thought and just walking through a trackless forest Or exploring ruins of the earliest settlers or walking along a creekbed Hoping to find a relic such as a tomahawk an axe Or even an arrowhead left by a race of long since vanished Indians There's a great thrill and it's a wonderful feeling to find a flint arrowhead  Over fields of new turned sod and in communion with my God I walked alone In a furrow bed I found an arrowhead chiseled from stone I don't know how long ago some redman drew his bow on its last fight Or did he drop it here afraid white men were near to attack at night I do know this one thing beyond all questioning it was made to kill And proof of a master trade is in this arrowhead he made fashioned with skill That I inherited this ground is denied by this stone I've found but when and by who Come join me in my tracks then let's stop and look back to the vale and through In love and peace we'll see the shadows and the trees and voices too But quietly slowly tread this home of the forgotten dead whose bones are dust I'm proud that their craftsmen's skill survives the ages still left in my trust|Country
willienelson|Living in the Promiseland|Give us your tired and weak And we will make them strong Bring us your foreign songs And we will sing along  Leave us your broken dreams We'll give them time to mend There's still a lot of love Living in the Promiseland  Living in the Promiseland Our dreams are made of steel The prayer of every man Is to know how freedom feels  There is a winding road Across the shifting sand And room for everyone Living in the Promiseland  So they came from a distant isle Nameless woman Faithless child like a bad dream Until there was no room at all No place to run, and no place to fall  Give us our daily bread We have no shoes to wear No place to call our home Only this cross to bear  We are the multitudes Lend us a helping hand Is there no love anymore Living in the Promiseland  Living in the Promiseland Our dreams are made of steel The prayer of every man Is to know how freedom feels  There is a winding road Across the shifting sand And room for everyone Living in the Promiseland|Country
willienelson|Graceland|The Mississippi Delta was shining like a National guitar  I am following the river down the highway through the cradle of the Civil War  I'm going to Graceland Graceland in Memphis Tennessee I'm going to Graceland  Poorboys and pilgrims with families and we are going to Graceland  My traveling companion is nine years old the child of my first marriage  But I've reason to believe we both will be received in Graceland   She comes back to tell me she's gone  As if I didn't know that as if I didn't know my own bed  As if I'd never noticed she way she brushed her hair from her forehead  And she said losing love is like a window in your heart  Everybody sees you're blown apart everybody feels the wind blow  I'm going to Graceland Graceland in Memphis Tennessee I'm going to Graceland  Poorboys and pilgrims with families and we are going to Graceland  My traveling companions are ghosts and empty sockets ghosts and empties  But I've reason to believe we both will be received in Graceland   There is a girl in Austin Texas and she calls herself the human trampoline  Sometimes when I'm falling flying tumbling in turmoil I say this is what she means  She means we're bouncing into Graceland  And I see losing love ss like a window in your heart  Everybody sees you're blown apart everybody feels the wind blow  And I'm going to Graceland in Memphis Tennessee I'm going to Graceland  For reasons I cannot explain some part of me wants to see Graceland  And I may be obliged to defend every love every ending  Or maybe there's no obligations now  Maybe I've a reason to believe we all will be received in Graceland  Oh oh Graceland I'm going to Graceland|Country
willienelson|Everywhere I Go|I'll take you with me everywhere I go I'll put you in my pocket who will know? Right next to my heart at every show I'll take you with me everywhere I go  No matter where our trails will finally wind Our paths will just keep crossing yours and mine Until then and in my pocket you must go I'll take you with me everywhere I go  No matter where our trails will finally wind Our paths will just keep crossing yours and mine Until then and in my pocket you must go I'll take you with me everywhere I go Until then and in my pocket you must go I'll take you with me everywhere I go|Country
johnnycash|The Walls of a Prison|There's alot of strange men in cellblock ten  But the strangest of em' all  Was a friend of mine who spent his time  Starin at the wall...  Starin at the wall...   In his hand was a note that his gal had wrote  Proving crime don't pay  Was the very same gal he robbed and stole for  Wanting thier wedding day...  Wanting thier wedding day...   As he looked at the wall  So strong and tall  I heard him softely curse  Nobody at all ever climed that wall  But I'm gonna be the first...  I'm gonna be the first...   Then the warden walked by and said son don't try  I'd hate to see you fall  Cause there is no doubt they'll carry you out  If you ever touch that wall...  If you ever touch that wall...   Well a years gone by since he made his try  But I can still recall  How hard he tried and the way he died  But he never made that wall...  He never made that wall...   Well there's never been a man who shook this camp  But I knew a man who tried  The newspapers called it a jailbreak plan  But I know it was sucide...  I know it was sucide...|Country
johnnycash|Rock Island Line|Now this here's a story about the Rock Island Line Well the Rock Island Line she runs down into New Orleans There's a big tollgate down there and you know If you got certain things on board when you go through the tollgate Well you don't have to pay the man no toll Well a train driver he pulled up to the tollgate And a man hollered and asked him what all he had on board and said  I got livestock I got livestock I got cows I got pigs I got sheep I got mules I got all live stock  Well he said you're alright boy you don't have to pay no toll You can just go right on through so he went on through the tollgate And as he went through he started pickin' up a little bit of speed Pickin' up a little bit of steam He got on through he turned and looked back at the man he said  Well I fooled you I fooled you I got pigiron I got pigiron I got old pigiron  <i>[Chorus]</i> Down the Rock Island Line she's a mighty good road Rock Island Line it's the road to ride Rock Island Line it's a mighty good road Well if you ride it you got to ride it like you find it Get your ticket at the station for the Rock Island Line  Looked cloudy in the west and it looked like rain Round the curve came a passenger train North bound train on a southbound track He's alright a leavin' but he won't be back  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Oh I may be right and I may be wrong But you're gonna miss me when I'm gone Well the engineer said before he died There were two more drinks that he'd like to try The conductor said what could they be A hot cup of coffee and a cold glass of tea  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
willienelson|Mendocino County Line|Counted the stars on the 4th of July Wishing they were rockets bursting into the sky Talking about redemption and leaving things behind As the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line  As fierce as Monday morning feeling washed away Our orchestrated paradise couldn't make you stay You dance with the horses through the sands of time As the sun sinks west of the Mendocino County Line  I have these pictures and I keep these photographs To remind me of a time These pictures and these photographs Let me know I'm doin' fine I used to make you happy once upon a time But the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line  The two of us together felt nothin' but right Feeling you near immortal every Friday night Lost in our convictions left stained with wine As the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line  I have these pictures and I keep these photographs To remain me of a time These pictures and these photographs Let me know I'm doin' fine I used to make you happy once upon a time But the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line  I don't talk to you too much these days I just thank the lord pictures don't fade I spent time with an angel just passing through Now all that's left is this image of you  Counted the stars on the 4th of July Wishing we were rockets bursting in the sky Talking about redemption and leaving things behind I have these pictures and I keep these photographs To remind me of a time These pictures and these photographs Let me know I'm doin' fine We used to be so happy once upon a time Once upon a time But the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line And the sun sank west of the Mendocino County Line|Country
johnnycash|Country Boy|Country boy, ain't got no shoes. Country boy, ain't got no blues. Well, you work all day While you're wantin' to play In the sun and the sand, With a face that's tan. At the end of the day, When your work is done, You ain't got nothin' but fun.  Country boy, ain't got no ills. Country boy, don't owe no bills.  Country boy, ain't got no ills. Country boy, don't owe no bills. You get a wiggly worm, And then you watch him squirm. While you put him on a hook, And you drop him in a brook. If everything's gonna turn out right, You're gonna fry fish tonight.  Country boy, got a lot to lose. Country boy, how I wish I was in your shoes.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>  Country boy, you got a shaggy dog. Country boy, up a holler log. Well, he comes in a run, When you pick up your gun. And with a shell or two, And your dog and you, When you get your rabbit, You'll skin his hide, He's gonna be good fried.  Country boy, you got a lot to lose. Country boy, how I wish I was in your shoes.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>  Country boy, you got work to do. Country boy, in the morning dew, You gotta plant the seed, You gotta cut the weeds. There's many a row, You know you gotta hoe When it's quittin' time, And your work is through. There's a lot of life in you  Country boy, you lucky thing. Country boy, I wish I was you, and you were me.|Country
johnnycash|If the Good Lord's Willing|If the good Lord's willing and the creek stays down I'll be in your arms time the moon come around For a taste of love that's shining in your eyes If the rooster crows at the crackin' of the dawn I'll be there just as sure as you're born  If the good Lord's willing and the creeks don't rise I'll comb my hair down brush my teeth Shine up slick up dress up neat Get everything looking just right  'Cause I want to look pretty when I see you tonight Just as sure as the rabbits are a jumping in the hollow I'll be there you can bet your bottom dollar If the good Lord's willing and the creeks don't rise  If the good Lord's willing and the creek stays low I'll be there a knockin' at your door With a hug and a kiss for the one I idolize I'll wear my suit, my Sunday best, I'll be there lookin' my best  If the good Lord's willing and the creeks don't rise I'll feed the mules and stop the hogs feed the cows and chop all the logs Get all of my working done cause tonight we're gonna have lots of fun Just as sure as there ever was a preacher man I'll be there with a ring for your hand  If the good Lord's willing and the creek don't rise|Country
willienelson|Time of the Preacher|It was the time of the preacher When the story began With the choice of a lady and the love of a man  How he loved her so dearly he went out of his mind When she left him for someone she'd left behind  He cried like a baby He screamed like a panther in the middle of the night And he saddled his pony and went for a ride  It was the time of the preacher in the year of 01 Now the preachin' is over and the lesson's begun  <i>[Guitar music]</i>|Country
willienelson|I Couldn't Believe It Was True|Well, last night I came home an' I knocked on my door, An' I called to my love as I oft had before. An' I knocked an' I knocked: no answer thee came. No kisses to greet me or voice call my name.  An' I couldn't believe it was true, oh Lord. Couldn't believe it was true. An' my eyes filled with tears an' I must've aged in years, An' I couldn't believe it was true.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>  Well, the shock was so great, I am quiverin' yet. An' I'll try to forgive but I cannot forget. My heart breakin' loss is another man's gain. Her happiness, always, I hope will remain.  An' I couldn't believe it was true, oh Lord. Couldn't believe it was true. An' my eyes filled with tears an' I must've aged in years, An' I couldn't believe it was true.|Country
johnnycash|Cry! Cry! Cry!|Everybody knows where you go when the sun goes down. I think you only live to see the lights uptown. I wasted my time when I would try, try, try. 'Cause when the lights have lost their glow, you'll cry, cry, cry.  Soon your sugar-daddies will all be gone. You'll wake up some cold day and find you're alone. You'll call for me but I'm gonna tell you: "Bye, bye, bye, " When I turn around and walk away, you'll cry, cry, cry,  You're gonna cry, cry, cry and you'll cry alone, When everyone's forgotten and you're left on your own. You're gonna cry, cry, cry.  I lie awake at night to wait 'til you come in You stay a little while and then you're gone again Every question that I ask, I get a lie, lie, lie For every lie you tell, you're gonna cry, cry, cry  When your fickle love gets old, no one will care for you. Then you'll come back to me for a little love that's true. I'll tell you no and then you'll ask me why, why, why? When I remind you of all of this, you'll cry, cry, cry.  You're gonna cry, cry, cry and you'll want me then, It'll hurt when you think of the fool you've been. You're gonna cry, cry, cry.|Country
johnnycash|So Doggone Lonesome|I do my best to hide this lowdown feelin' I try to make believe there's nothin' wrong But they're always askin' me about you darlin' And it hurts me so to tell 'em that you're gone  If they ask me, I guess, I'd be denyin' That I've been unhappy all alone But if they heard my heart they'd hear it cryin' Where's my darlin' when's she comin' home  I ask myself a million times what's right for me to do To try to lose my blues alone or hang around for you Well I make it pretty good until that moon comes shinin' through And that I get so doggone lonesome  Time stands still when you're a waitin' Sometimes I think my heart is stoppin' too One lonely hour seems forever Sixty minutes more to wait for you  But I guess I'll keep waitin' till you're with me 'Cause I believe that lovin' you is right But I don't care if the sun don't rise tomorrow If I can't have you with me tonight  Well I know, I'll keep on loving you 'cause true love can't be killed I ought to get you off of my mind but I guess I never will I could have a dozen others but I know, I'd love you still 'Cause I get so doggone lonesome|Country
johnnycash|I Was There When It Happened|There are some people who say we cannot tell Whether we are saved or whether all is well They say we only can hope and trust that it is so Well, I was there when it happened and so I guess I ought to know  Yes, I know when Jesus saved me, saved my soul The very moment He forgave me, made me whole He took away my heavy burdens Lord, He gave me peace within, peace within  Satan can't make me doubt it, I won't doubt it It's real and I'm gonna shout it, I'm gonna shout it I was there when it happened And so I guess I ought to know  I don't care who tells me salvation is not real Though the world may argue, that we cannot feel The heavy burden's lifted and the vile sins go I was there when it happened and so I guess I ought to know  Yes, I know when Jesus saved me, saved my soul The very moment He forgave me, made me whole He took away my heavy burdens Lord, He gave me peace within, peace within  Satan can't make me doubt it, I won't doubt it It's real and I'm gonna shout it, I'm gonna shout it I was there when it happened And so I guess I ought to know|Country
johnnycash|I Walk the Line|I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the tie that binds Because you're mine, I walk the line  I find it very, very easy to be true I find myself alone when each day is through Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you Because you're mine, I walk the line  As sure as night is dark and day is light I keep you on my mind both day and night And happiness I've known proves that it's right Because you're mine, I walk the line  You've got a way to keep me on your side You give me cause for love that I can't hide For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide Because you're mine, I walk the line  I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the tie that binds Because you're mine, I walk the line|Country
willienelson|Red Headed Stranger|The red-headed stranger from Blue Rock, Montana Rode into town one day And under his knees was a ragin' black stallion And walkin' behind was a bay The red-headed stranger had eyes like the thunder And his lips, they were sad and tight His little lost love lay asleep on the hillside And his heart was heavy as night Don't cross him, don't boss him He's wild in his sorrow He's ridin' an' hidin his pain Don't fight him, don't spite him Just wait till tomorrow Maybe he'll ride on again  A yellow-haired lady leaned out of her window An' watched as he passed her way She drew back in fear at the sight of the stallion But cast greedy eyes on the bay But how could she know that this dancin' bay pony Meant more to him than life For this was the horse that his little lost darlin' Had ridden when she was his wife  Don't cross him, don't boss him He's wild in his sorrow He's ridin' an' hidin his pain Don't fight him, don't spite him Just wait till tomorrow Maybe he'll ride on again  The yellow-haired lady came down to the tavern An' looked up the stranger there He bought her a drink, an' he gave her some money He just didn't seem to care She followed him out as he saddled his stallion An' laughed as she grabbed at the bay He shot her so quick, they had no time to warn her She never heard anyone say  Don't cross him, don't boss him He's wild in his sorrow He's ridin' an' hidin his pain Don't fight him, don't spite him Just wait till tomorrow Maybe he'll ride on again  The yellow-haired lady was buried at sunset The stranger went free, of course For you can't hang a man for killin' a woman Who's tryin' to steal your horse This is the tale of the red headed stranger And if he should pass your way Stay out of the path of the ragin' black stallion And don't lay a hand on the bay  Don't cross him, don't boss him He's wild in his sorrow He's ridin' an' hidin his pain Don't fight him, don't spite him Just wait till tomorrow Maybe he'll ride on again|Country
johnnycash|Folsom Prison Blues|I hear the train a comin' It's rolling round the bend And I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when I'm stuck in Folsom prison, and time keeps draggin' on But that train keeps a rollin' on down to San Antone  When I was just a baby my mama told me "Son, always be a good boy, don't ever play with guns" But I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die When I hear that whistle blowing, I hang my head and cry  I bet there's rich folks eating in a fancy dining car They're probably drinkin' coffee and smoking big cigars Well I know I had it coming, I know I can't be free But those people keep a movin' And that's what tortures me  Well if they freed me from this prison If that railroad train was mine I bet I'd move it on a little farther down the line Far from Folsom prison, that's where I want to stay And I'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues away|Country
johnnycash|Doin' My Time|On this old rock pile with a ball and chain They call me by a number, not a name Lord, Lord Gotta do my time, I gotta do my time With an achin' heart and a worried mind  When that old judge looked down and smiled Said I put you up that river for a while Lord, Lord Gotta do my time, I gotta do my time With an achin' heart and a worried mind  You can hear my hammer, you can hear my saw Gonna swing it like John Henry all day long Lord, Lord Gotta do my time, I gotta do my time With an achin' heart and a worried mind  Well now it won't be long just a few more days I'll settle down and quit my rowdy ways Lord, Lord With that gal of mine, with that gal of mine She's waited for me while I've done my time|Country
johnnycash|Hey Porter|Hey porter! Hey porter! Would you tell me the time? How much longer will it be till we cross that Mason Dixon Line? At daylight would ya tell that engineer to slow it down? Or better still, just stop the train, Cause I wanna look around.  Hey porter! Hey porter! What time did ya say? How much longer will it be till I can see the light of day? When we hit Dixie will you tell that engineer to ring his bell? And ask everybody that ain't asleep to stand right up and yell.  Hey porter! Hey porter! It's getting light outside. This old train is puffin' smoke, and I have to strain my eyes. But ask that engineer if he will  blow his whistle please. Cause I smell frost on cotton leaves and I feel that Southern breeze.  Hey porter! Hey porter! Please get my bags for me. I need nobody to tell me now that we're in Tennessee. Go tell that engineer to make that lonesome whistle scream, We're not so far from home  so take it easy on the steam.  Hey porter! Hey porter! Please open up the door. When they stop the train I'm gonna get off first Cause I can't wait no more. Tell that engineer I said thanks alot, and I didn't mind the fare. I'm gonna set my feet on Southern soil and breathe that Southern air.|Country
willienelson|Denver|The bright lights of Denver are shinin' like diamonds Like ten thousand jewels in the sky And it's nobody's business where you're goin' Or where you come from And you're judged by the look in your eye  She saw him, that evenin' in a tavern in town In a quiet little out of the way place And they smiled at each other as he walked through the door And they danced with their smiles on their faces And they danced with a smile on their face|Country
johnnycash|Get Rhythm|Hey, get rhythm when you get the blues Come on, get rhythm when you get the blues Get a rock 'n' roll feelin' in your bones Put taps on your toes and get gone Get rhythm when you get the blues  A Little shoeshine boy never gets low down But he's got the dirtiest job in town Bendin' low at the peoples' feet On the windy corner of the dirty street Well, I asked him while he shined my shoes How'd he keep from gettin' the blues He grinned as he raised his little head Popped a shoeshine rag and then he said  Get rhythm when you get the blues Come on, get rhythm when you get the blues A jumpy rhythm makes you feel so fine It'll shake all the trouble from your worried mind Get rhythm when you get the blues  Get rhythm when you get the blues Come on , get rhythm when you get the blues Get a rock 'n' roll feelin' in your bones Put taps on your toes and get gone Get rhythm when you get the blues  Well, I sat down to listen to the shoeshine boy And I thought I was gonna jump for joy Slapped on the shoe polish left and right He took a shoeshine rag and he held it tight He stopped once to wipe the sweat away I said you're a mighty little boy to be-a workin' that way He said I like it with a big wide grin Kept on a poppin' and he said again  Get rhythm when you get the blues Come on, get rhythm when you get the blues It only costs a dime, just a nickel a shoe Does a million dollars worth of good for you Get rhythm when you get the blues|Country
johnnycash|I Was There When It Happened|There are some people who say we cannot tell Whether we are saved or whether all is well They say we only can hope and trust that it is so Well, I was there when it happened and so I guess I ought to know  Yes, I know when Jesus saved me, saved my soul The very moment He forgave me, made me whole He took away my heavy burdens Lord, He gave me peace within, peace within  Satan can't make me doubt it, I won't doubt it It's real and I'm gonna shout it, I'm gonna shout it I was there when it happened And so I guess I ought to know  I don't care who tells me salvation is not real Though the world may argue, that we cannot feel The heavy burden's lifted and the vile sins go I was there when it happened and so I guess I ought to know  Yes, I know when Jesus saved me, saved my soul The very moment He forgave me, made me whole He took away my heavy burdens Lord, He gave me peace within, peace within  Satan can't make me doubt it, I won't doubt it It's real and I'm gonna shout it, I'm gonna shout it I was there when it happened And so I guess I ought to know|Country
willienelson|Can I Sleep in Your Arms?|Can I sleep in your arms tonight lady it's so cold lying here all alone And I have no hold to hold on you and I assure you I'll do you no wrong  Don't know why but the one I love left me left me lonely and cold and so weak And I need someone's arms to hold me till I'm strong enough to get back on my feet Can I sleep in your arms... <i>[piano]</i> Can I sleep in your arms... <i>[guitar - harmonica]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Folsom Prison Blues|I hear the train a comin' It's rolling round the bend And I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when I'm stuck in Folsom prison, and time keeps draggin' on But that train keeps a rollin' on down to San Antone  When I was just a baby my mama told me "Son, always be a good boy, don't ever play with guns" But I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die When I hear that whistle blowing, I hang my head and cry  I bet there's rich folks eating in a fancy dining car They're probably drinkin' coffee and smoking big cigars Well I know I had it coming, I know I can't be free But those people keep a movin' And that's what tortures me  Well if they freed me from this prison If that railroad train was mine I bet I'd move it on a little farther down the line Far from Folsom prison, that's where I want to stay And I'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues away|Country
johnnycash|I Walk the Line|I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the tie that binds Because you're mine, I walk the line  I find it very, very easy to be true I find myself alone when each day is through Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you Because you're mine, I walk the line  As sure as night is dark and day is light I keep you on my mind both day and night And happiness I've known proves that it's right Because you're mine, I walk the line  You've got a way to keep me on your side You give me cause for love that I can't hide For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide Because you're mine, I walk the line  I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the tie that binds Because you're mine, I walk the line|Country
johnnycash|The Night Hank Williams Came to Town|Harry Truman was our president A coke an burger cost you thirty cents I was still in love with Mavis Brown On the night Hank Williams came to town.  "I Love Lucy" debuted on TV That was one big event we didn't see 'Cause no one stayed at home for miles around It was the night Hank Williams came to town.  Mama ironed my shirt and daddy let me take the truck I drove on out to Grapevine and picked old Mavis up We hit that county line for one quick round On the night HANK WILLIAMS came to town.  A thousand people sweltered in the gym Then I heard someone whisper; "Hey, that's him" That's when the crowd let out this deafening sound It was the night Hank Williams came to town.  On and on he sang into the night 'Jambalaya', 'Cheatin' heart', 'I saw the light' How'd they get Miss Audrey in that gown On the night Hank Williams came to town.  Mavis had her picture made with Hank outside his car She said; "He sure is humble for a Grand Ole Opry Star." Mavis said: "Why don't we hang around It ain't often that Hank Williams comes to town."  While Hank signed his autograph on Beaulah Rice's fan Mavis got acquainted with the Driftin' Cowboys Band The effect on all our lives was quite profound On the night Hank Williams came to town.|Country
johnnycash|Let Him Roll|Let him roll, boys let him roll I bet he's gone to dallas rest his soul  Now he was a wino, tried and true Done about everything there is to do He worked on freighters, he worked in bars He worked on farms, 'n he worked on cars  Now it was white port whine, that put that look in his eye That grown men get when they need to cry And we sat down on the curb to rest And his head just fell down on his chest  He said "every single day it gets Just a little bit harder to handle and yet..." Then he lost the thread and his mind got cluttered The words just rolled off down in the gutter  He was a elevator man in a cheap hotel In exchange for the rent on a one room cell And he's years old before his time No thanks to the world, and the white port wine  And he said "son", he always called me son He said, "life for you has just begun" And then he told me the story that i heard before How he fell in love with a dallas whore  He could cut through the years to the very night That it all ended, in a whore house fight And she turned his last proposal down In favor of being a girl about town  Now it's been seventeen years right in line And he ain't been straight none of the time It's too many years of fightin' the weather And too many nights of not being together  So he died...  Let him roll, boys let him roll I bet he's gone to dallas rest his soul Let him roll, boys let him roll He always thought that heaven Was just a dallas whore  When they went through his personal affects In among the stubs from the welfare checks Was a crumblin' picture of a girl in a door An address in dallas, and nothin' more  Well the welfare people provided the priest And a couple from the mission down the street Sang amasing grace, and nobody cried 'cept some lady in black way off to the side  We all left and she's standing there The black veil covering her silver hair And one-eyed john said her name was alice She used to be a whore in dallas  Let him roll, boys let him roll I bet he's gone to dallas rest his soul Let him roll, boys let him roll He always thought that heaven Was just a dallas whore Let him roll, boys let him roll|Country
johnnycash|My Ship Will Sail|Life is just a passing moment On an neverending trail Though my pathway wanders for awhile Someday my ship will sail  But I will walk this road awhile I will walk it with a smile And I will take it in my stride Someday I'll be satisfied I will walk this road awhile I will walk it with a smile I will take it in my stride Someday I'll be satisfied  There's eternity before me Just beyond the dark'ning veil O my spirit hungers to go on Someday my ship will sail  But I will walk this road awhile I will walk it with a smile And I will take it in my stride Someday I'll be satisfied I will walk this road awhile I will walk it with a smile I will take it in my stride Someday I'll be satisfied I will walk this road awhile I will walk it with a smile (fading out)I will take...|Country
johnnycash|That Old Wheel|<i>[Chorus]</i> That old wheel is gonna roll around once more When it does it will even up the score Don’t be weak: as they sew, they will reap Turn the other cheek and don’t give in That old wheel will roll around again  When love is gone and the one you thought would stay Does you wrong, and you’re left alone to pay The price is high But somehow you’ll survive, don’t give in That old wheel will roll around again  <i>[Chorus]</i>  There’ll be times, hard to control And you’ll find you’ll hurt down in your soul There’ll be those who’ll be glad to see you down But don’t give in, that old wheel will roll around again  <i>[Chorus x2]</i>  Roll around, around, again, again|Country
johnnycash|Ballad of a Teenage Queen|(Dream on, dream on teenage queen prettiest girl we've ever seen)  There's a story in our town Of the prettiest girl around Golden hair and eyes of blue How those eyes could flash at you (How those eyes could flash at you) Boys hung 'round her by the score But she loved the boy next door who worked at the candy store (Dream on, dream on teenage queen prettiest girl we've ever seen)  She was tops in all they said It never once went to her head She had everything it seems Not a care, this teenage queen (Not a care, this teenage queen) Other boys could offer more But she loved the boy next door who worked at the candy store (Dream on, dream on teenage queen you should be a movie queen)  He would marry her next spring Saved his money, bought a ring Then one day a movie scout Came to town to take her out (Came to town to take her out) Hollywood could offer more So she left the boy next door working at the candy store (Dream on, dream on teenage queen see you on the movie screen)  Very soon she was a star Pretty house and shiny car Swimming pool and a fence around But she missed her old home town (But she missed her old home town) All the world was at her door All except the boy next door who worked at the candy store (Dream on, dream on teenage queen saddest girl we've ever seen)  Then one day the teenage star Sold her house and all her cars Gave up all her wealth and fame Left it all and caught a train (Left it all and caught a train) Do I have to tell you more She came back to the boy next door who worked at the candy store  (Now this story has some more, you'll hear it all at the candy store)|Country
johnnycash|Beans for Breakfast|I couldn't hear you for the TV, I didn't know you said goodbye I saw your cancelled check for the airfare, didn't know flyin' got too high Beans for breakfast once again, hard to eat 'em from the can.  I've run out of clean utensils, I'm a hungry nasty lonesome man I heard the crows outside my window, guess it's me they're talkin' about The fire you lit has burnt to cinders, every good things fizzled out Beans for breakfast once again, hard to eat 'em from the can.  Wish you'd come back and wash the dishes, I'm a hungry nasty lonesome man Caught a cold with the window open, crow droppings o my window sill Probably got histoplasmosis, got no gun or I would kill them crows Beans for breakfast once again, hard to eat 'em from the can.  Plastic forks are a dime a dozen I'm a hungry nasty lonesome man Finally made it to the mailbox, felt so bad I thought I'd die All I got was a bill from my doctor, well I guess flyin' ain't so high Bean for breakfast once again, hard to eat 'em from the can.  Blue tick mattress cold and greasy, I'm a hungry nasty lonesome man The house burned down from the fire that I built, in your closet by mistake After I took all them pills, but I got out safe in my duck head overalls Beans for breakfast once again, I'm a hungry nasty lonesome man.|Country
johnnycash|Wanted Man|Wanted man in California, Wanted man in Buffalo Wanted man in Kansas City, Wanted man in Ohio  Wanted man in Mississippi, Wanted man in ol' Cheyenne  Wherever you might look tonight you might see this wanted man  I might be in Colorado, Or Georgia by the sea Working for some man who may not know at all who I might be  If you ever see me coming and if you know who I am Don't you breathe it to nobody 'cause you know I'm on the lamb  Wanted man by Lucy Watson, Wanted man by Jeannie Brown Wanted man by Nellie Johnson, Wanted man in this next town  I've had all that I wanted of a lot of things I've had And a lot more than I needed of some things that turned out bad  I got sidetracked in El Paso, Stopped to get myself a map Went the wrong way in Juarez with Juanita on my lap  Went to sleep in Shreveport, Woke up in Abilene Wonderin' why I'm wanted at some town half way in between  Wanted man in Albuquerque, Wanted man in Syracuse Wanted man in Tallahassee, Wanted man in Baton Rouge  There's somebody set to grab me Anywhere that I might be And wherever you might look tonight You might get a glimpse of me  Wanted man in California, Wanted man in Buffalo Wanted man in Kansas City, Wanted man in Ohio  Wanted man in Mississippi, Wanted man in ol' Cheyenne  Wherever you might look tonight you might see this wanted man|Country
johnnycash|The Greatest Cowboy of Them All|I have always had my heroes I've loved a lot of legends Many men in my mind are ridin' tall But my cowboy hero hats off to the man who rode a donkey He's the greatest cowboy of them all He loves all his little doggies he speaks to them kind and gently And he'll lift up any maverick that falls He sees every stray that scatters like it's the only one that matters He's the greatest cowboy of them all Once he rode into the sunset but some returning sunrise He'll call up all the riders in the sky I gotta get my roll together gettin' ready for that sunrise That winds up where old cowboys never die The trail he rides is narrow but it's straighter than an arrow And he rides point for all the great and small He will take us through the wire onto that plain that's higher He's the greatest cowboy of them all Once he rode into the sunset... He's the greatest cowboy of them all|Country
johnnycash|Goin' by the Book|You can see it in the movies and the paper and the tv news Somebody's army is always on the move There's gonna be a battle the lines have been drawn They've got guns and tanks and planes  The wells are gone dry and the water is bad and the air is acid rain There's war after war and rumors of war from the east There's a rumblin' in the ground and they're talkin' about the beast  Good mothers cry cause the rivers run high With the blood of too many sons Some people say peace is on the way But the worst is still to come  Cause the prophets wrote about it And jesus spoke about it And john got to take a look And he told us what he saw when it's easy to see It's goin' by the book It's goin' by the book  There's armies in the cities and the missiles stand ready for flight A pale horse rides like the wind across the night And that rumblin' in the desert like thunder gettin' closer And the trumpet's gettin' ready to blow There's gonna be a shout that will wake the dead we better be ready to go  Cause the prophets wrote about it And jesus spoke about it And john got to take a look And he told us what he saw when it's easy to see It's goin' by the book It's goin' by the book  It's goin' by the book Goin' by the book|Country
johnnycash|I'll Go Somewhere and Sing My Songs Again|A way out on the mountain near the sky Hiding from the cold realities of life Shaking that old road dust off my heels I give my heart and mind a chance to heal  Then I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again More than likely ride back to the places that I've been In fairness to my music and my friends I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again  A raccoon stole my minnows in the night Thought I appreciate his need and his appetite But unlike me he doesn't have to roam And it's true that man can't live on bread alone  Then I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again More than likely ride back to the places that I've been In fairness to my music and my friends I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again  It feels so good to have a simple wish Where life and death is me and some old fish Poor king sits with a cold beer in his hand And surveys a clear blue kingdom on the sand  Then I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again More than likely ride back to the places that I've been In fairness to my music and my friends I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again|Country
johnnycash|Bad News|Ha ha ha come on bad news ha ha  Well bad news travels like wild fire goodnews travels slow  They all call me Wildfire ha ha cause everybody knows  I'm bad news everywhere I go  Always gettin' in a trouble and leaving little girls that hate to see me go  They tried to hang me in Oakland and the did in Francisco  But I wouldn't choke I broke their rope and they had to let me go  Cause I'm bad news everywhere I go  Always gettin' in a trouble and leaving little girls that hate to see me go  Now from north to south east to west the story is the same  From one state to another I have to change my name  Cause I'm bad news everywhere I go  Always gettin' in a trouble and leaving little girls that hate to see me go   Well now I've picked peaches in Georgia I lumberjacked in Maine  I've been hired fired and jailed in any town you can name  Cause I'm bad news everywhere I go  Always gettin' in a trouble and leaving little girls that hate to see me go|Country
willienelson|Hands on the Wheel|At a time when the world seems to be spinnin' hopelessly out of control, There's deceivers an' believers an' old in-betweeners, That seem to have no place to go. Well, it's the same old song, it's right an' it's wrong, An' livin' is just somethin' that I do. An' with no place to hide, I looked in your eyes, An' I found myself in you.  I looked to the stars, tried all of the bars. An' I've nearly gone up in smoke. Now my hand's on the wheel, I've something that's real, An' I feel like I'm goin' home.  An' in the shade of an oak down by the river, Sit an old man an' a boy, Settin' sail, spinnin' tales an' fishin' for whales, With a lady they both enjoy. Well, it's the same damn tune, it's the man in the moon. It's the way that I feel about you. An' with no place to hide, I looked in your eyes, An' I found myself in you.  An' I looked to the stars, tried all of the bars. An' I've nearly gone up in smoke. Now my hand's on the wheel, I've something that's real, An' I feel like I'm goin' home.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>|Country
willienelson|Summertime|Summertime, and the livin' is easy Fish are bitin' and the cotton is high Your daddy's rich and your mammy's good looking So hush, little baby, don't want you cry  Some of these days you're gonna rise up smiling Spread your wings and take to the sky Till that time there ain't nothing gonna harm you So hush, little baby, don't you cry Hush, little baby, don't you cry|Country
johnnycash|Run Softly, Blue River|(Run softly Blue River my darlin's asleep run softly Blue River run cool and deep)  Run softly Blue River my darlin's asleep run softly Blue River run cool and deep  Oh I thrill to her kisses and she thrills to mine  Run softly while she sleeps and dreams for a time  Cause she dreams of tomorrow when she'll be my wife  And I pray that as peaceful as you is our life  And if your murmuring soothes me till I'm sleeping too  Run softly Blue River we'll both dream with you  (Run softly Blue River my darlin's asleep run softly Blue River run cool and deep)  Oh I thrill to her kisses...  (Run softly Blue River my darlin's asleep run softly Blue River run cool and deep)  (Run softly Blue River my darlin's asleep run softly Blue River run cool and deep)|Country
johnnycash|Frankie's Man Johnny|Well now, Frankie and Johnny were sweethearts They were true as a blue, blue sky He was a long-legged guitar picker with a wicked wanderin' eye But he was her man nearly all of the time  Well, Johnny he packed up to leave her, but he promised he'd be back He said he had a little pickin' to do a little farther down the track He said, "I'm your man, I wouldn't do you wrong" Well, Frankie curled up on the sofa, thinkin' about her man Far away the couples were dancing to the music of his band He was Frankie's man, he wadn't doin' her wrong  Then, in the front door walked a redhead, Johnny saw her right away She came down by the bandstand to watch him while he played He was Frankie's man, but she was far away He sang every song to the redhead, she smiled back at him  Then he came and sat at her table where the lights were low and dim What Frankie didn't know wouldn't hurt her none Then the redhead jumped up and slapped him, she slapped him a time or two She said, "I'm Frankie's sister and I was checking up on you If you're her man you better treat her right"  Well, the moral of this story is be good but carry a stick Sometimes it looks like a guitar picker just can't tell what to pick He was Frankie's man and he still ain't done her wrong|Country
johnnycash|Give My Love to Rose|I found him by the railroad track this morning I could see that he was nearly dead I knelt down beside him and I listened Just to hear the words the dying fellow said  He said they let me out of prison out in Frisco For ten long years I've paid for what I've done I was trying to get back to Louisiana To see my Rose and get to know my son  Give my love to Rose please won't you mister? Take her all my money, tell her buy some pretty clothes Tell my boy that daddy's so proud of him And don't forget to give my love to Rose  Won't you tell them I said thanks for waiting for me Tell my boy to help his mom at home Tell my Rose to try to find another 'Cause it ain't right that she should live alone  Mister here's a bag with all my money It won't last them long the way it goes God bless you for finding me this morning Now don't forget to give my love to Rose  Give my love to Rose please won't you mister? Take her all my money, tell her buy some pretty clothes Tell my boy that daddy's so proud of him And don't forget to give my love to Rose|Country
johnnycash|Understand Your Man|Don’t call my name out your window, I’m leavin' I won’t even turn my head. Don’t send your kinfolk to give me no talkin' I’ll be gone, like I said.  You’d just say the same old things That you be sayin'all along, Just lay there in your bed and keep your mouth shut, Till I’m gone. Don’t give me that old familiar cry and fuss and moan  Understand your man. I'm tired of your bad mouthing Understand your man.  Now, you can give my other suit to the Salvation Army, And everything else I leave behind -- I ain't taking nothing that'll slow down my traveling While I'm untangling my mind. I ain't gonna repeat what i said anymore. While I'm breathing air that ain't been breathed before I'll be as gone as the wild gruesome winter Then you'll understand your man Meditate on it You hear me talking now Understand your man Remember what i told ya Understand your man.|Country
johnnycash|That's All Over|Mhm mhm when you left I shed a million teardrops over you But that's all over my crying days are through When you left my heart was cold and every day was blue But that's all over I've found somebody new Someone that can make me happy make me wanna smile Someone I'm gonna have around me for a long long while Someday we may meet again but I won't fall for you That's all over I've found somebody new mhm mhm  Someone that can make me happy... Yes that's all over I've found somebody new mhm mhm|Country
johnnycash|Wreck of the Old '97|Well they gave him his orders at Monroe, Virginia, Said: "Steve, you're way behind time, "This is not 38, this is Ol' 97, "Put her into Spencer on time."  Then he turned around and said to his black, greasy fireman, "Shovel on a little more coal. "And when we cross that White Oak mountain, "Watch Ol' '97 roll."  And then a telegram come from Washington station, This is how it read: "Oh that brave engineer that run ol 97,  "Is lyin in old Danville dead."  'Cos he was going down a grade making 90 miles an hour, The whistle broke into a scream. He was found in the wreck with his hand on the throttle, Scalded to death by the steam.  One more time!  Oh, now all you ladies you'd better take a warning, From this time on and learn. Never speak hard words to your true-lovin' husband. He may leave you and never return.  Poor Boy.|Country
johnnycash|One More Ride|I long for the trip don't need no grip I'm takin' one more ride Way out there in the prairie air I guess it's in my hide Oh the clickety clack of the railroad track is callin' If a man could know where the Santa Fe goes when she gets under steam And the big loud bell that bongs farewell to hear her whistle scream She's bound to go where there ain't no snow a fallin' One more ride One more ride  I miss the gloom of the prairie moon that seemed to know my name And the tumbleweed where the prairie don't feed I miss them just the same They're all a part of a song of heart I'm sayin' I recall the tune that I sang to the moon and it seemed to make it smile And I rode away at the close of day and I stayed so long awhile But I long to be where the memory is ringing One more ride One more ride  As the years go by I wonder why I longed to leave my home And to hit the trail of the iron rail away out there alone But my heart would sigh till I know that I am leavin' If I don't come back on a oneway track way down from Mexico You could find me there or any old where that a tumbleweed will grow It's a goodbye now you'll never know how I'm grievin' One more ride One more ride|Country
johnnycash|Still in Town|To love you so and still not have you will destroy me in time So I'm goin' away where nobody knows me and get you off of my mind I've packed my things a dozen times but unpack is all I do Yes I'm still in town still around and still in love with you  I made it to the edge of town and turned around I made it to the bridge downtown by my nerve let me down I tried to go but how can I leave when all roads lead to you Yes I'm still in town still around and still in love with you  I made it to the edge of town and turned around I made it to the bridge downtown by my nerve let me down I tried to go but how can I leave when all roads lead to you Yes I'm still in town still around and still in love with you|Country
johnnycash|Big River|Now I taught the weeping willow how to cry And I showed the clouds how to cover up a clear blue sky And the tears I cried for that woman are gonna flood you Big River And I'm gonna sit right here until I die  I met her accidentally in St. Paul (Minnesota) And it tore me up every time I heard her drawl, Southern drawl Then I heard my dream went back downstream cavortin' in Davenport And I followed you, Big River, when you called  Then you took me to St. Louis later on (down the river) A freighter said she's been here but she's gone, boy, she's gone I found her trail in Memphis, but she just walked up the bluff Raised a few eyebrows and went on down alone  Now, won't you batter down by Baton Rouge, River Queen, roll it on Take that woman on down to New Orleans, New Orleans Go on, I've had enough; dump my blues down in the gulf She loves you, Big River, more than me|Country
johnnycash|Goodbye Little Darlin' Goodbye|Goodbye, little darlin', we're parting  Parting don't always mean goodbye  Although we had to part, you're always in my heart  Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye   Goodbye, little darlin', I'll miss you  Miss you like the stars would miss the sky  I hate to see you go, I'm gonna miss you so Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye   Goodbye, little darlin', I love you Love you until the day I die  Would you dream a dream of me, wherever you may be  Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye|Country
johnnycash|Troublesome Waters|Troublesome waters much blacker than night  Are hiding from view of the harbor's bright lights  Tossed in the turmoil of life's stormy sea I cry to my Saviour have mercy on me  Then gently I'm feeling the touch of his hands guiding my boat in safely to land  Leading the way to heaven's bright shore  Troublesome waters I'm fearing no more   Troublesome waters around me do roll they're rocking my boat and racking my soul  Loved ones are drifting and living in sin the treacherous whirlpools are pulling them in  Then gently I'm feeling...   When troublesome waters are rolling so high I'll lift up my voice and to heaven I'll cry  My Lord I am trusting give guidance to me and steady my boat on life's troubled sea  Then gently I'm feeling...|Country
johnnycash|Hiawatha's Vision|On the shores of Gitchgoomy by the shining big sea water Hiawatha old and greyin' listened to the older prophet listened to lagu And the young men and the women from the land of Ojibways From the land of the Dakotas from the woodlands and the prairies Stood and listened to the prophet heard lagu tell Hiawatha I have seen he said a water bigger that the big sea water Broader than the Gitchgoomy bitter so that none cold drink it Salty so that none would use it Hiawatha then spoke to them stopped all their jeering and their jesting And he spoke to all the people It's true what lagu tells you for I have seen it in a vision I have also seen the water to the East to the land of morning And upon this great water came a strange canoe with pinions Bigger than a grove of pine trees taller than the tallest tree tops And upon this great canoe were sails to carry it swiftly And it carried many people strange and foreign were these people And white were all their faces and with hair their chins were covered Then said Hiawatha I beheld a darker vision Many hundreds came behind them pushed their way across our prairies In our woodlands rang their axes in our valleys smoked their cities Our people were all scattered all forgetful of our councils Left their homelands going westward wild and woeful And the man with bearded faces the men with skin so fair With their barking sticks of thunder drove the remnants of our people Farther westward westward westward then wild wild and wilder Grew the West that once was ours|Country
johnnycash|That's Enough|Well now I heard that you been thinking bout me really I don't mind I know you try to block my progress a lot of the time Well the mean things you said don't make me feel bad Cause I can't miss a friend that I never had (I've got) I've got Jesus and that's enough (that's enough) that's enough When I'm sick (he's there) and troubled (he's there) When I call him he will answer my prayers (answer my prayers) When I'm burdened (he's there) with a load (he's there) That's when Jesus is a comforter (to my soul) Well you may scorn me turn your back on me God's got his arms wrapped all around me (I've got) I've got Jesus and that's enough (that's enough) that's enough You know there's been a lotta times that I didn't have a dime And I didn't cry to nobody but my Lord He heard my plea and came to see about me cause he's one thing I can afford So if you push me down he'll pick me up And he'll stick by me when the goin' gets tough (I've got) I've got Jesus and that's enough (that's enough) that's enough Well he's the great emancipator and my heart regulator (Jesus is) yes he is He'll make my way brighter and my burdens lighter yes he will (Jesus will) Well you may scorn me turn your back on me God's got his arms wrapped all around me And he fights down the devil till he makes him give up And that's enough (that's enough) that's enough When I'm sick (he's there)....|Country
johnnycash|The Road to Kaintuck|We're goin' west to Kaintuck down the road to Moccasin Gap  Down the wilderness road  The Dug Road the old Reedy Creek Road  The Road down Troublesome Road through Moccasin Gap   There was a time when goin' way out west meant goin' to Kaintuck  The dark and bloody ground as Indians called it  Indians wars were ragin' and men like Daniel Boone and Michael Stoner  Came down the wilderness road like countless families did  Through a place in south West Virginia called Big Moccasin Gap  It's a hot day in '73 and this is my wife and my kids with me  Daniel Boone lost his boy the other day young Jim Boone is dead twenty miles away  The wagons turn and went back home even Daniel couldn't make it alone  I guess prob'ly Daniel could but he stopped awhile in castle wood   (If you love your wife and love your baby man  Turn your wagons back as soon as you can  Ev'ry Injun in these hills has gone berserk you never gonna make it to Kaintuck)  Ah I bet I'm gonna make it to Kaintuck   We're goin' west to Kaintuck down the road to Moccasin Gap  Down the wilderness road  The Dug Road the old Reedy Creek Road  The Road down Troublesome Road through Moccasin Gap   The Dug Road the old Reedy Creek Road  The Road down Troublesome Road through Moccasin Gap|Country
johnnycash|I Still Miss Someone|At my door the leaves are falling A cold wild wind has come Sweethearts walk by together And I still miss someone  I go out on a party And look for a little fun But I find a darkened corner Because I still miss someone  Oh, no I never got over those blue eyes I see them every where I miss those arms that held me When all the love was there  I wonder if she's sorry For leavin' what we'd begun There's someone for me somewhere And I still miss someone|Country
johnnycash|Don't Take Your Guns to Town|A young cowboy named Billy Joe grew restless on the farm A boy filled with wonderlust who really meant no harm He changed his clothes and shined his boots And combed his dark hair down And his mother cried as he walked out  <i>[Chorus]</i> Don't take your guns to town son Leave your guns at home Bill Don't take your guns to town  He laughed and kissed his mom And said your Billy Joe's a man I can shoot as quick and straight as anybody can But I wouldn't shoot without a cause I'd gun nobody down But she cried again as he rode away  <i>[Chorus]</i> Don't take your guns to town son Leave your guns at home Bill Don't take your guns to town  He sang a song as on he rode His guns hung at his hips He rode into a cattle town A smile upon his lips He stopped and walked into a bar And laid his money down But his mother's words echoed again  <i>[Chorus]</i> Don't take your guns to town son Leave your guns at home Bill Don't take your guns to town  He drank his first strong liquor then to calm his shaking hand And tried to tell himself at last, he had become a man A dusty cowpoke at his side began to laugh him down And he heard again his mothers words  <i>[Chorus]</i> Don't take your guns to town son Leave your guns at home Bill Don't take your guns to town  Filled with rage then Billy Joe reached for his gun to draw But the stranger drew his gun and fired Before he even saw As Billy Joe fell to the floor The crowd all gathered 'round And wondered at his final words  <i>[Chorus]</i> Don't take your guns to town son Leave your guns at home Bill Don't take your guns to town|Country
johnnycash|I'd Rather Die Young|I'd rather die young than grow old without you  So don't ever leave me whatever you do  To see someone's picture where my picture hung  Believe me my darling I'd rather die young  I'd rather die young than grow old without you  So don't ever leave me whatever you do  Though others may tempt you and tell you they care  You'll find only sorrow in a secret affair  Don't leave me never leave me please don't leave me never leave me  I'd rather die young..   I'd rather die young...|Country
johnnycash|Pickin' Time|I got cotton in the bottom land It's up and growin' and I got a good stand My good wife and them kids of mine Gonna get new shoes, come Pickin' Time Get new shoes come Pickin' Time.  Ev'ry night when I go to bed I thank the Lord that my kids are fed They live on beans eight days and nine But I get 'em fat come Pickin' Time Get 'em fat come come Pickin' Time.  The corn is yellow and the beans are high The sun is hot in the summer sky The work is hard til layin' by Layin' by til Pickin' Time Layin' by til Pickin' Time.  It's hard to see by the coal-oil light And I turn it off purty early at night 'Cause a jug of coal-oil costs a dime But I stay up late come Pickin' Time Stay up late come Pickin' Time.  My old wagon barely gets me to town I patched the wheels and I watered 'em down Keep her in shape so she'll be fine To haul my cotton come Pickin' Time Haul my cotton come Pickin' Time.  Last Sunday mornin' when they passed the hat It was still nearly empty back where I sat But the preacher smiled and said that's fine The Lord'll wait til Pickin' Time The Lord'll wait til Pickin' Time.|Country
johnnycash|The Shifting, Whispering Sands, Part I|I discovered the Valley of the Shifting, Whispering Sands While prospecting in a western state I saw the silent windmills, the crumbling water tanks The bones of the cattle picked clean by buzzards Bleached by the desert sun I stumbled over a crumbling buck board Nearly covered by the sand And stopping to rest I heard a tinkling, whispering sound And suddenly realized that even though the wind was quiet The sand did not lie still I seemed to be surrounded be a mystery So heavy and apperceive I could scarcely breath For weeks I wondered aimlessly in the valley Seeking answers to the many questions that raced through my mind Where was everyone? Why the white bones? The dry wells? The barren valley where people must have lived and died I sat down and buried my face in my hands And resting I learned the secret of the Shifting, Whispering Sands How I managed to escape from the valley I don't know But now to pay my debt for being saved I must tell you what I learned out on the desert So many years ago  When the day is oddly quiet And the breeze seems not to blow One would think the sun is resting But you'll find this is not so  It is whispering softly whispering As it slowly moves along And for those who stop and listen It will sing this mournful song  Of sidewinders and the horn toads On the thorny chaparral In the sunny days and moonlight lights The lonely coyotes yell  How the stars seem they can touch you As you lay and gaze on high At the heavens where your hoping You'll be going when you die|Country
johnnycash|The Ballad of Boot Hill|Here lies Lester Moore Four slugs from a 44 No Les no more  Out in Arizona just south of Tucson Where tumbleweeds tumble in search of a home There's a town they call Tombstone where the brave never cry They live by a sixgun by a sixgun they die  It's been a long time now since the town was a boom The jailhouse is empty so's the Palace Saloon Just one look will tell you that this town was real A secluded old dirt road leads up to Boot Hill  Walk up to the fence there and look at the view That's where they were hanging eighteen eighty two It's easy to see where the brave men have died Rope marks on the oak tree are now petrified  At night when the moon shines so far away It gets mighty lonesome lookin' down on their graves There lies Billy Clanton never wanted to kill But he's there with the guilty way up on Boot Hill (Boot Hill)|Country
johnnycash|Supper Time|Many years ago in days of childhood I used to play till evening shadows came Then winding down an old familiar pathway I hear my mother call at setting sun Come home come home it's suppertime the shadows lengthen fast Come home come home it's suppertime we're going home at last Through the distant clouds I see my mother Her face is shining bright, with tender love She's gone up in heaven, with her maker And I can still hear her voice, from up above (and she said) Come home come home it's suppertime the shadows lengthen fast Come home come home it's suppertime we're going home at last|Country
johnnycash|Lost on the Desert|A burnin' hot sun a cryin' for water black wings circle the sky  Stumblin' and fallin' somebody's callin' you're lost on the desert to die  I had to give up and they took me to jail but I hid all the money I got  Way out on the desert where no one could get it and I left a mark at the spot  Then I got away and I ran for the desert the devil had taken control  I needed water but he said I'd make it near the money is a big waterhole  A burnin' hot sun...   Just up ahead is where I left my mark or it may be to the left or the right  I've been runnin' all day and they'll catch up tomorrow I've got to find it tonight  Then up jumped the devil and ran away laughin' he drank all the waterholes dry  He moved my mark till I'm running in circles and lost on the desert to die  A burnin' hot sun...  (Lost on the desert to die) lost on the desert to die (lost on the desert to die)|Country
johnnycash|I Ride an Old Paint|I ride an old paint, I lead an old dan I'm goin' to Montana to throw the hoolihan They feed in the coulees, they water in the draw Their tails are all matted, their backs are all raw  Ride around little dogies, ride around them slow For the fiery and snuffy are rarin' to go  Old Bill Jones had a daughter and a son One went to college, the other went wrong His wife, she got killed in a poolroom fight But still he's a-singin' from mornin' till night  Ride around little dogies, ride around them slow For the fiery and snuffy are rarin' to go  When I die, take my saddle from the wall Place it on my old pony, lead him out of his stall Tie my bones to my saddle and turn our faces to the West And we'll ride the prairie we love the best  Ride around little dogies, ride around them slow For the fiery and snuffy are rarin' to go  I ride an old paint, I lead an old dan I'm goin' to Montana to throw the hoolihan They feed in the coulees, they water in the draw Their tails are all matted, and their backs are all raw  Ride around little dogies, ride around them slow For the fiery and snuffy are rarin' to go|Country
johnnycash|Hardin Wouldn't Run|I know a man whose plow handle hand is quicker than a light Wes Hardin is his name they say he travels in the night For he might have to kill or walk around a fight  And if you ever saw Wes Hardin draw you know he can skin his gun He won't say how many tried and died Up against the top hand up against the wrong man cause Hardin' wouldn't run  He rode in like a Texas wind took the eastbound train Goin' goin' with Jane Bowen till the law men caught up So long Janie chin up I'll be back again  Off he went to Huntsville Prison so long Janie he cried Fifteen years she waited till her heart broke and she died And she left that bad land to wait up in the sky  Free at last the payin' past for all the wrong he did First free air they let him breathe since he was a kid So let him come and let him go and let him deal and bid  Near the border in El Paso Lawyer reads the sign You won't find him there for business every day at nine For business is real bad one client's all he's had in quite a long long time  Then sheriff Selman's boy broke in to Wes's woman's place Up she jumped and pistol whipped him kicked him in the face And John Selman demands revenge for this disgrace  You could see every night by candlelight in Hardin's favorite bar She'd be hanging on his arm and very late they'd leave there Headed for the Goose Hair glad it wasn't far  Right through the swinging doors John Selman came with a blazin' gun Wes Hardin chug-a-luggin' red eye got him in the back of the head John Wesley Hardin fell dead cos Hardin wouldn't run|Country
johnnycash|Accidentally on Purpose|Accidentally I saw you this morning You were lovely dressed in your wedding gown And they say that you married a stranger to me That had drifted to our old hometown  Accidentally you've met him one evening And you say it was love at first sight Accidentally on purpose you've married Accidentally on purpose for spite  'Cause I saw out cheatin' and runnin' around And I was just a fool with a heart of a clown Accidentally you were mistaken that night Accidentally on purpose for spite  'Cause I saw out cheatin'|Country
johnnycash|In the Jailhouse Now|He's in the jailhouse now He's in the jailhouse now I told him once or twice To quit playin' cards and shootin' dice He's in the jailhouse now  Well I had a friend named Ramblin' Bob Who used to steal, gamble and rob He thought he was the smartest guy in town But I found out last Monday That Bob got locked up Sunday They got him in the jailhouse way down town  He's in the jailhouse now He's in the jailhouse now I told him once or twice To quit playin' cards and shootin' dice He's in the jailhouse now  Well I went out last Tuesday Met a girl named Susie I told her I was the swellest man around Well she started in to spend my money She started in to call me honey We took in every honky tonk in town  We're in the jailhouse now We're in the jailhouse now They told us once or twice To quit playin' cards and shootin' dice We're in the jailhouse now|Country
johnnycash|Mr. Lonesome|I've got no fire inside of me can't be the man I try to be  Oh Mr Lonesome hanging round  Don't wanna see nobody don't wanna be nobody  Oh Mr Lonesome got me down  He makes me leave the party when folks are laughin' hearty  Happiness is one thing he can't stand  Nobody wants or needs me I go just where he leads me  Oh Mr Lonesome got my hand  And so my whole life over each day is like the other but still if my one wish could be  If that old chain that binds me breaks when true love finds me  And Mr Lonesome sets me free oh Mr Lonesome got me down|Country
johnnycash|Mister Garfield|Mr. Garfield been shot down shot down shot down Mr. Garfield been shot down low Me and my brother was down close to the depot when I heard the report of a pistol My brother run out and come back in all excited And I said what was it and he said it was the report of a pistol and then he said Mr. Garfield been shot down shot down shot down Mr. Garfield been shot down low Lord I knew the President was supposed to be at the depot that day And we just would't believe that he's shot But we'd run over there and there was so many folks around That we couldn't see him but some lady was standin' there cryin' And I said m'am what was it that happened m'am and she said Mr. Garfield been shot down shot down shot down Mr. Garfield been shot down low Well everybody drifted off toward home finally And they looked like they felt about as bad as I did But in a few weeks I heard that the President was still alive And I told my brother I said let's get on that train and go to where he's laid up hurt Well when we got to his big house up there I asked the fellow I said who was it that did it who was it that shoot the President And he said it was Charlie Guiteau that shoot Mr. Garfield and I said Charlie Guiteau done shot down a good man good man Charlie Guiteau done shot down a good man low I heard some fellow there that had been in the house to see the President And I sidled up him to listen to what he was tellin' and he said Mrs Lucretia Garfield was always at his side In the heat of the day fannin' him when he was hot He said that just that day the President said to Mrs Lucretia He said Crete honey (he called her Crete) Said if somethin' worse happens to me after awhile you get yourself a good man And Mrs Lucretia said James (she called him James) She said I won't hear to that now she said I love you too much but he said You'll make some good man a good wife good wife You'll make some man a good good good wife (Don't pull in single harness all your life good gal Don't pull in single harness all your life) That's what he said don't pull in single harness all your life Well a few days later I come back to where the President was restin' And it seems everybody was cryin' The flag was hangin' halfway up to the flagpole in front of the house And everybody looked so sad and I asked a soldier boy there And I said is is is Mr. Garfield and he said yeah he's gone Gonna lay him in that cold lonesome ground down low Gonna lay him in that cold lonesome ground Well they laid the President by that long cold branch Mr. Garfield's been laid down low Mr. Garfield has been shot dow Mr. Garfield's been shot (Mr. Garfield been shot down shot down shot down Mr. Garfield been shot down low)|Country
johnnycash|You Won't Have Far to Go|I can see now that you've stacked the cards so I leave you with my best regards  When you play to feel with nothing left to show look for me you won't have far to go  Love's a gamble and I'm a gamblin' man I've done everything to make you understand  But the odds are high and luck is running low look for me you won't have far to go  You won't have far to go if you want me cause I'm gonna stick close to you  And I'm not the kind to say I told you so look for me you won't have far to go   You won't have far to go...|Country
johnnycash|Johnny Reb|You fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb  Saw you a marchin' with Robert E Lee You held your head high tryin' to win the victory You fought for your folks but you didn't die in vain Even though you lost they speak highly of your name Cause you fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb  I heard your teeth chatter from the cold outside Saw the bullets open up the wounds in your side I saw the young boys as they began to fall You had tears in your eyes cause you couldn't help at all But you fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb  I saw General Lee raise a sabre in his hand Heard the cannons roar as you made your last stand You marched into battle with the Grey and the Red When the cannon smoke cleared it took days to count the dead Cause you fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb  When Honest Abe heard the news about your fall The folks thought he'd call a great victory ball But he asked the band to play the song Dixie For you Johnny Reb and all that you believed Cause you fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb (Yeah) You fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb You foughtall the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb (Yeah) You fought all the way Johnny Reb|Country
johnnycash|In Them Old Cottonfields Back Home|When I was a little bitty baby my mama would rock me in my cradle  In them old cottonfields back home  When I was a little bitty baby...  Now when them cotton bolls get rotten you can't pick very much cotton  In them old cottonfields back home  It was down in Louisiana just about a mile from Texarkana  In them old cottonfields back home   When I was a little bitty baby...  When I was a little bitty baby...  In them old cottonfields back home in them old cottonfields back home|Country
johnnycash|Delia's Gone|Delia, oh, Delia Delia all my life  If I hadn't have shot poor  Delia I'd have had her for my wife  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone  I went up to Memphis  And I met Delia there Found her in her parlor  And I tied to her chair  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone  She was low down and trifling  And she was cold and mean  Kind of evil make me want to Grab my sub machine  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone  First time I shot her I shot her in the side  Hard to watch her suffer  But with the second shot she died  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone  But jailer, oh, jailer Jailer, I can't sleep 'Cause all around my bedside  I hear the patter of Delia's feet  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone  So if you woman's devilish  You can let her run  Or you can bring her down and do her  Like Delia got done  Delia's gone, one more round Delia's gone|Country
johnnycash|I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know|You think you know the smile on her lips the thrill at the touch of her fingertips But I forgot more than you'll ever know about her You think you'll find a heaven of bliss in each caress and each tender kiss But I forgot more than you'll ever know about her  You stole her love from me one day you didn't care how you've hurt me But you can never steal away mem'ries of what used to be You think she's yours to have and to hold But someday you'll learn when her love grows cold That I forgot more than you'll ever know about her  You stole her love from me...|Country
johnnycash|You Remembered Me|You were young and needed love and I was wild and free But every time you said a prayer you said a prayer for me Why the ring upon your hand we vowed fidelity There were times when I forgot but you remembered me (There were times when I forgot but you remembered me)  You remembered only that wedding bells would ring You remembered only to count the days till spring You knew only love and honor but I couldn't see I regret that I forgot cause you remembered me (I regret that I forgot cause you remembered me)  I believed that promises were made to break apart But every time I broke a vow I always broke your heart So here's to you God bless you now wherever you may be There were times that I forgot but you remembered me (There were times that I forgot but you remembered me)  You remembered only that wedding bells would ring...|Country
johnnycash|I'm Free From the Chain Gang Now|I got rid of the shackles that bound me and the guards that were always around me There were tears on the mail mother wrote me in jail But I'm free from the chain gang now All the years I was known and respected 'til one day I was wrongly suspected I was shackled in chains in a cold freezin' rain but I'm free from the chain gang now  All the years I was known by a number how I kept my mind is a wonder But like a bird in a tree I got my liberty and I'm free from the chain gang now I got rid of the shackles that bound me and the guards that were always around me There were tears on the mail mother sent me in jail But I'm free from the chain gang now There were tears on the mail mother wrote me in jail But I'm free from the chain gang now|Country
johnnycash|Bury Me Not on the Lone Prairie|Lord, I've never lived where churches grow I loved creation better As it stood That day you finished it so long ago And looked upon your work and Called it good I know that others find you in the light That sifted down through Tinted window panes And yet I seem to feel you near tonight In this dim, quiet Starlight on the plains I thank you, Lord, that I'm placed so well That you've Made my freedom so complete That I'm no slave to whistle, clock or bell Nor weak Eyed prisoner of Waller Street Just let me live my life as I've begun And give Me work that's open to the sky Make me a partner of the wind and sun And I won't Ask a life that's soft or high Let me be easy on the man that's down Let me be Square and generous with all I'm careless sometimes, Lord, when I'm in town But Never let them say I'm mean or small Make me as big and open as the plains And Honest as the horse between my knees Clean as a wind that blows behind the rains Free as the hawk that circles down the breeze Forgive me, Lord, if sometimes I Forget You know about the reasons that are hid You understand the things that Gall or fret Well, you knew me better than my mother did Just keep an eye on all That's done or said And right me  Sometimes when I turn aside  And guide me on that long, dim trail ahead  That stretched upward toward the great divide  Oh, bury me not on the lone prairie  These words came low and mournfully  From the pallid lips of a youth who lay  On his dying bed at the close of day  Oh, bury me not and his voice failed there  But we took no heed to his dying prayer  In a shallow grave just six by three  We buried him there on the lone Prairie.|Country
johnnycash|Let Me Down Easy|Let me down easy if you must go why not deceive me it won't hurt me so  Truth is so painful tell me a lie let me down easy and I'll get by  Let me down easy for old time's sake  Is it too much to ask when my heart's gonna break  I'm bound to lose you I'm bound to cry oh let me down easy and I'll get by   Let me down easy..|Country
johnnycash|Mean as Hell|The devil in hell we're told was chained a thousand years he there remained  He neither complain nor did he groan but was determined to start a hell of his own  Where he could torment the souls of men without being chained in a prison pen  So he asked the Lord if he had on hand anything left when he made this land  The Lord said yes there's a plenty of hand but if I left it down by the Rio Grande  The fact is ol' boy the stuff is so poor  I don't think you could use it as the hell anymore  But the devil went down to look at the truck  And said if he took it as a gift he was stuck  For after lookin' that over carefully and well he said this place is too dry for hell  But in order to get it off his hand the Lord promised the devil to water the land  So trade was closed and deed was given and the Lord went back to his home in heaven  And the devil said now I got all what's needed to make it good hell and he succeeded  He began by putting thorns all over the trees  He mixed up the sand with millions of fleas  He scattered tarantulas along the road put thorns on cactus and horns on toad  Lengthened the horns of the Texas steer put an addition to the rabbits ear  Put a little devil in the bronco steed and poisoned the feet of the centipede  The rattlesnake bites you the scorpion stings  The mosquito delights you with his buzzing wings  The sunburst are there and so the ants  And if you sit down you'll need have soles on your pants  The wild boar rooms on a black chaparral it's a hell of a place that he has for hell  The heat in the summers are hundred and ten too hot for the devil too hot for men  The red pepper grows upon the banks of the brook  The Mexican use it in all that he cook  Just dine it with one of 'em and you're bound to shout  I've hell on the inside as well as it out  My hands are calloused July to July I use a Big Dipper to navigate by  Fight off the wolves to drink from my well so I have to be mean as hell  A sheep herder came and put up the fence  I saw him one day but I ain't seen him since  But if you're needin' mutton we've got mutton to sell  We're cowpunchers and we're mean as hell  Neither me nor my pony's got a pedigree but he takes me where I'm wantin' to be  I'll ride him to death and when he is fell I'll get me another one mean as hell  I shot me a calf and I cut off her head  Cause the boys in the bunkhouse are waitin' to be fed  They rise in chime with the five thirty bell  And the best one of any of 'em is mean as hell|Country
johnnycash|Sing It Pretty, Sue|So you gave up all between us for a glamorous carear  And with all your talent you should be the big star of the year  Then you'll be public property so I release my claim to you  Go on and give 'em all you've got sing it pretty Sue  I can't take just part of you and give the world a half  So Smile for all the papers and give 'em autographs  Go on to all the cities so your public can see you  But I'll watch on television so sing it pretty Sue   I hope you'll soon be on the top of every hitparade  I'll try to be excited bout the progress that you've made  I'll collect your pictures like any fan would do  And I'll buy all your records so sing it pretty Sue  But I won't ever tell a soul that we have ever met  I'll just be one of millions who'll give the praise you get  And maybe every year or so I'll drop a card to you  To tell you I'm still listening so sing it pretty Sue|Country
johnnycash|From Sea to Shining Sea|The beautiful spacious skies, the amber waves of grain To the majestic purple mountains above the fruited plain God did shed His grace from sea to shining sea on you and on me From Sleepy Hollow mountain country to the swamps of Okefenokee  To Guthrie Oklahoma, to Hibbing Minnesota To Grants Pass Oregon, to Stone Pipe Wells, California From Texas to Montana, from California to Maine  In the sunny days the winter snow from Arizona sand To Cherokee North Carolina, to Tarpen Springs Florida America, it's time to be refreshed, recalled to memory God did shed His grace on Thee from sea to shining sea  The land is big the best is free Sand and surf grass and tree from sea to shining sea God shed His grace on me And crown Thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea|Country
johnnycash|The Whirl and the Suck|It took a mighty good man with salty hands And a mighty long raft to keep the fore before the act You take ten good men and guts and luck And you might navigate the whirl and the suck  Well the Tennessee River changed its mind at Chattanooga she oughta unwind She could a run right on the Georgia Sea but she cut right back through Tennessee Well the settlers come by raft and boat bringin' everything that could stay a float But like a loco horse that'll twist and buck They hardly ever made it through the whirl and the suck  It took a mighty good man...  When General Washington was in his knicker bocks The Cherokee Indians through the Chattanooga Rocks And the Chickamagua tribe and the Nickajack They kept the watch where the river cut back And if a raft or a boat ever rode the bend The Indians got 'em cause they had 'em hemmed in  It took a mighty good man...|Country
johnnycash|25 Minutes to Go|Well they're building a gallows outside my cell I've got 25 minutes to go And the whole town's waitin' just to hear me yell I've got 24 minutes to go Well they gave me some beans for my last meal I've got 23 minutes to go But nobody asked me how I feel I've got 22 minutes to go Well I sent for the governor and the whole dern bunch With 21 minutes to go And I sent for the mayor but he's out to lunch I've got 20 more minutes to go Then the sheriff said boy I gonna watch you die Got 19 minutes to go So I laughed in his face and I spit in his eye Got 18 minutes to go  Now hear comes the preacher for to save my soul With 13 minutes to go And he's talking bout' burnin' but I'm so cold I've got 12 more minutes to go Now they're testin' the trap and it chills my spine With 11 more minutes to go And the trap and the rope aw they work just fine Got 10 more minutes to go Well I'm waitin' on the pardon that'll set me free With 9 more minutes to go But this is for real so forget about me Got 8 more minutes to go  With my feet on the trap and my head on the noose Got 5 more minutes to go Won't somebody come and cut me loose Got 4 more minutes to go I can see the mountains I can see the skies With 3 more minutes to go And it's to dern pretty for a man that don't wanna die I've got 2 more minutes to go I can see the buzzards I can hear the crows 1 more minute to go And now I'm swingin' and here I go-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o!|Country
johnnycash|Call Daddy From the Mines|A little girl woke up deep in the dark and started cryin'  The mother brought a light and held her daughter tight  She thought it was so strange to hear a little girl of nine  Cry call daddy from the mine call daddy from the mine   Her mother wiped the tears and said see honey you're only dreaming  Your dad must work today he has to draw his pay  She left her then but still could hear her cry time after time  Call daddy from the mine call daddy from the mine   Then the countryside was shaken by a mighty rumble  And fear for miles around was the trembling of the ground  The little girl was fast asleep yet cried out one more time  Call daddy from the mine call daddy from the mine   Ten thousand tears and two weeks later deep in the smoking ground  A dying man was found had survived all those around  He'd quickly crawled to a fresh air pocket barely just in time  When he heard his own child whine call daddy from the mine  Call daddy from the mine call daddy from the mine|Country
johnnycash|The Blizzard|There's a blizzard comin' on and I'm wishin' I was home  For my pony's lame and he can't hardly stand  Lord my hands feel like their froze and there's a numb that's in my toes  But it's only seven miles to Maryanne  It's only seven miles to MaryAnne   You can bet we're on her mind for it's nearly suppertime  And I know that there's hot biscuits in the pan  Listen to that norther sigh if we don't get home we'll die  But it's only five more miles to Maryanne  It's only five more miles to MaryAnne   That wind's howlin' and it seems mighty like a women's scream  And we'd best be movin' faster, if we can  Dan, just think about that barn with that hay so soft and warm  It's only three more miles to Maryanne  It's only three more miles to MaryAnne   Come on Dan get up, you honory cuss or you'll be the death of us  I'm so weary but I'll help you, if I can  All right, Dan, perhaps it's best we'll just stop a while and rest  For it's still another mile to Maryanne  It's still another mile to MaryAnne   Late that night the storm was gone and they found him there at dawn  He'd made it but he couln't leave ol' Dan  Yes, they found him on the plains his hands frozen to the reigns  He was just a hundred yards from Maryanne  He was just a hundred yards from MaryAnne.|Country
johnnycash|Sweet Betsy From Pike|(Didli ai di ai didl didli ai di ai dei)  Oh, do you remember sweet Betsy from Pike She crossed the big mountains with her lover Ike With two yoke of oxen and a big yellow dog And a tall Shanghai rooster and one spottled hog.  Didli ai di ai didl didli ai di ai dei They soon reached the desert where Betsy gave out And down in the sand she lay rolling about While Ike in great tears looked on in surprise Saying Betsy get up you'll get sand in your eyes.  Didli ai di ai didl didli ai di ai dei Betsy got up in the great deal of pain She said she'd go back to Pike County again But I gave a sigh then he fondly embraced And he traveled along with his arm round her waist.  (How can sweet Betsy went out to the dance And Ike poor a fellow he's down at his pance) Betsy was dressed up in ribbons and rings Said Iken you're an angel but where are your wings.  Didli ai di ai didl didli ai di ai dei Well, the miner said Betsy will you dance with me She answere I will if you want make two free I can't dance too hard do you want to know why Because I'm so full of that strong out cooli.  Ike and sweet Betsy got married of course But Ike was so jealous he gotta divorce And Betsy well satidfied said with a shout Goodbye forever I'm glad you've backed out.  Didli ai di ai didl didli ai di ai dei...|Country
johnnycash|Green Grow the Lilacs|I used to have a sweetheart but now I've got none Since she's gone and left me, I care not for one Since she's gone and left me, contended I'll be For she loves another one better than me  Green grow the lilacs all sparklin' with you I'm lonely, my darling, since partin' with you And by the next meeting, I hope to prove true And change the green lilacs to the red white and blue  I passed my love's window both early and late The look that she gave me, made my heart ache The look that she gave me was harm for to see For she loves another one better than me  Green grow the lilacs all sparklin' with you I'm lonely, my darling, since partin' with you And by the next meeting, I hope to prove true And change the green lilacs to the red white and blue  I wrote my love a letter in rosy red lines She sent me an answer all twisted and twine Saying keep your love letters and I will keep mine Write to your sweetheart and I'll write to mine  Green grow the lilacs all sparklin' with you I'm lonely, my darling, since partin' with you And by the next meeting, I hope to prove true And change the green lilacs to the red white and blue|Country
johnnycash|Stampede|We made camp along Red River Watched the cattle as they bedded down Back at the wagons, right after supper We spread our bedrolls on the ground And me and Willie, we took the night guard And the sage never smelled so sweet The prairie moon, was blazin' silver No chance tonight for a stampede  Way over yonder, off in the distance Towards the mountains there in the west Did I see lightnin', did I hear thunder My mind is weary, I could use some rest Then all at once, the wind shifts directions The clouds roll in behind the tumbleweeds These longhorn cattle, are gettin' restless God help us all, if they stampede  Smell the rain, hear the thunder The midnight sky, turns black as death The lightnin' crashes, smell the sulphur It's rank and strong, it's Satan's breath The cattle rise up, and go to runnin' I spur my pony on and take the lead And across the herd, I can hear Willie yellin' Hey Stampede!  Dust clouds rise, as the rain falls They mix together, turn the air to mud I feel the longhorns brush against me And I can feel the demons racin' through my blood Then all at once, my pony stumbles We hit the ground, I rise up to my knees In a flash of light, I can see the cattle comin' Lord I know I'm gonna die in this stampede  Then I awake, and I look around me I'm in my bedroll and I'm layin' on the ground Over there's the wagon, and there's the campfire I was only dreamin', but what's that sound? Then I feel the earth tremble underneath me As the midnight sky begins to bleed And from the blackness I can hear Willie yellin' Hey Stampede|Country
johnnycash|The Masterpiece|There was an old stone-cutter who lived in a cabin on the mountain side  And the old stone-cutter knew it won't be long before he died  And all around his cabin were statues the man had made  Statues that the buyers said were all of a mediocre grade  With his calloused hands he lit a lamp and laid down his head on his handmade table  And he softly whispered Lord I'm old and shaky and I'm hardly able  But give me strenght and wisdom and give me a week at least  And I'll climb up to the top of this mountain and chisel out a masterpiece  The very next morning he felt new strenght  And he took his brand new hammer and the sharpest chisel  He began to climb the mountain his old feet slipping in the freezing dizzle  When he finally reached the top he shouted to a world that didn't hear  I'll carve my masterpiece out of this marble boulder here  So the hammer beat the chisel and he hammered till an image grew  Then he stopped to look it over to appraise his work when he was through  It was a boy carrying a crippled boy and the old man said it isn't my masterpiece  I'll call it charity and then a masterpiece of mine will be  So the hammer beat the chisel til another immage in a marbel grew  Then the wind began to blowing and he sat and rested when he was through  It was the image of a mother holding her child  He said this is love as the world would know  But it isn't my masterpiece and he began again as it began to snow  The hammer beat the chisel as the snow fell harder and the wind grew and grew  He fell to his knees holding a stone and he threw down his hammer and his chisel too  He lay frozen face down in the snow but one hand was held for the world to see  Cut in the marble was his masterpice three neatly carved letters GOD|Country
johnnycash|You and Tennessee|Like a sweet rippling mountain stream  Goes the sound of the banjo on Cripple Creek  Never beginning never ending just rippling on and on  So does the land just ripple on and on  As a heart gets soft on a woman so can the heart get soft on the land  And to fall in love with a woman as well as the land is to surely be in love   I stayed away too long I know and every day was slow to go  Every night I dreamed I was here it's been a mighty lonely year  Every mile I needed you I kinda hope that you needed me too  Everywhere I saw your face around every town I was in  This old familiar place welcomed me again  Back to where I belonged to be back to you and Tennessee  Back to you and Tennessee   Beside the Cumberland River where the grass is soft and sweet  We ran across the fields of cedar hiding from the noisy streets  And when the leaves fell from the cold the stars were silver the moon was gold  I said it's yours with love from me  I'm planting my roots in this ground and when they look for me I'll be found  With something that is part of me you and Tennessee  Back with you and Tennessee|Country
johnnycash|The Shifting, Whispering Sands, Part II|Listen to the angel's story of the Shifting, Whispering Sands  Yes they always whisper to me Of the days of long ago When the settler and the miner Fought the crafty Navajo  How the cattle roamed the valley Happy people worked the land Now everything is covered By The Shifting, Whispering Sands  A miner left his buck board Went to work his claim that day  And the burrows broke their halters When they thought he'd gone to stay  How they found that ancient miner Lying dead upon the sands And for months they could but wonder Did he die by human hands?  So they dug his grave and laid him On his back and crossed his hands And his secret still is covered By the Shifting, Whispering Sands  And his secret is still hidden By the Shifting, Whispering Sands  This is what they always whisper to me Out on the quiet desert air Of the people and the cattle And that miner lying there  So if you want to learn the secret Wander through this quiet land And I'm sure you'll hear the story Of the Shifting, Whispering Sands  And I'm sure you'll hear the story Of the Shifting, Whispering Sands|Country
johnnycash|Another Song to Sing|Do they ask you where I am or where I've been  Do they ever say where is the lonely friend  Is my name whispered in your bedside prayers  Do you feel a vacant spot beside you there   Well there's always one more path that I must walk  And there's people I should sit down with and talk  And somebody might appreciate the flowers I could bring  So there's always another song to sing   Do you tell them I was wilder than the wind  Do you remember that I needed lots of friends  And at other times I'd rather be alon  Where I could not be found when I was gone   Well there's always one more canyon to explore  To touch the things left by those gone before  At the top of the tiniest hill I can feel like I'm a king  And there's always another song to sing|Country
johnnycash|The Flint Arrowhead|While traveling this land from border to border and from sea to sea There have a few occasions to leave the beaten path and to find the place And quiet that's good for thought and just walking through a trackless forest Or exploring ruins of the earliest settlers or walking along a creekbed Hoping to find a relic such as a tomahawk an axe Or even an arrowhead left by a race of long since vanished Indians There's a great thrill and it's a wonderful feeling to find a flint arrowhead  Over fields of new turned sod and in communion with my God I walked alone In a furrow bed I found an arrowhead chiseled from stone I don't know how long ago some redman drew his bow on its last fight Or did he drop it here afraid white men were near to attack at night I do know this one thing beyond all questioning it was made to kill And proof of a master trade is in this arrowhead he made fashioned with skill That I inherited this ground is denied by this stone I've found but when and by who Come join me in my tracks then let's stop and look back to the vale and through In love and peace we'll see the shadows and the trees and voices too But quietly slowly tread this home of the forgotten dead whose bones are dust I'm proud that their craftsmen's skill survives the ages still left in my trust|Country
johnnycash|Shrimpin' Sailin'|Turn on the speak it's the first time I get To talk on the speak 'cause you know okay Darn those smart alec, crazy cajon boy Come in to my nice clean kitchens  And get into my pantry, get my blackberry jim jam That I'd pick blackberries And make a jim jam in the winter time To take out on the shrimpin' boat  And bring in a foldin' wads Of wondrous waddy for my little wienies And they come in to my blackberry jim jam In the pantry and get them all over The nice clean kitchen table cloth The smart alec cajon boy will play the music  Well, the Gulf it got a grassy bottom settin' where the rock is there And that's where I've been goin' for the shrimpin' sailin' Leapin' 'cross the grassy moss bringing in a briny bin  Makin' folds of wondrous waddy for the living that I'm lovin' Where they creep and crawl and flip and flap and flob and dangle dobbin' Sponge a fouler drag 'em holler more a course the ocean horse  Well, the Gulf it got a grassy bottom settin' where the rock is there And that's where I've been goin' for the shrimpin' sailin' Till it's time to haul 'em and come back in with the briny bin  Of soddy bodies dressed in dandy eatin' carmel candy Makin' me and all by babies foldin' wads of wondrous waddy For the livin' that I'm lovin' in between the shrimpin' sailin'  Gulf, it got a grassy bottom settin' where the rock is there Leapin' 'cross the grassy moss bringing in a briny bin Makin' folds of wondrous waddy for the living that I'm lovin' Where they creep and crawl and flip and flap and flob and dangle dobbin'  Sponge a fouler drag 'em holler more a course the ocean horse Till it's time to haul 'em come back in with the briny bin Of soddy bodies dressed in dandy carmel candy eatin' chicken Finger lickin', dancin', rancin', mancin', tancin' Makin' me and all by babies foldin' wads of wondrous waddy|Country
johnnycash|Reflections|Never in this world before or nevermore hereafter Could a land know such a people as the pioneer the cowboy His clothes his conversation his unique brand of lingo All his devil deeds of daring his hat his bandana the dirty boots and ragged chaps But mainly that sixgun dangling so's his hand could get it quickly But draw your own conclusions lean to your own understandings Your beliefs and your convictions Disprove any fact recorded in these sounds and songs and legends But I ask you if you do be sure you've walked in many mocassins Over many many pathways and that you have listened carefully Really listened to the west wind and to everything it whispers And then go back and listen listen to this once more to these legends and traditions They're only one reflection of a tick of time of that time Just ponder on the things that happened As we gaze so very deeply in the time and place and persons Seeing now and then the West as it really was And to tell you of a little that we saw there And looking backward through a century There was the True West there was the Real True West Not demanding an argument but rather hoping you looked with us And saw it as we saw it And heard that west wind screaming shouting almost speaking Always whispering of these things we sang and spoke of And you'll hear perhaps the things the we said in the stories And the legends and traditions Through the wind that breeze these tales of the ones who never made it Yet fighting heat and mountains plains and valleys snow and hunger They went westward westward westward|Country
johnnycash|The Legend of John Henry's Hammer|John Henry's Papy woke him up one midnight He said before the sheriff comes I wanna tell you, listen boy, Said learn to ball a jack, learn to lay  a track, learn to pick and shovel too, and take my hammer, it'll do anything you tell it to  John Hery's mammie had about a dozen babies, John Henry's papie told tale about a dozen times The babies all got sick and when the doctor wanted money, he said I'll pay you quarter at a time, startin' tomorow, that's the pay for a steel driver on this line  Then the section foreman said hey hammer swinger, I see you brought your own hammer boy, but what else can all those muscles do?  And he said, I can turn a jack, I can lay a track, I can pick and shovel too (can you swing a hammer boy?) I can I'll do anything you hire me to  Now ain't you something so high and mighty with your muscles, just go ahead pick up that hammer, pick up the hammer  He said get a rusty spike and swing it down three times, I'll pay you a nickel a day for every inch you sink it to, go on and do what you say you can do  With a steep nose hammer on a four foot switch panel, John Henry raised it back till it touched his heels, then the spike went through the cross tie and it split it half in two, 35 cents a day for driven steel, (sweat sweat boy, sweat, you owe me two more swings) I was born for driven steel  Well John Henry hammered in the mountain, he'd give a grunt and he'd give groan with every swing, the women folks for miles around, heard him and come down, to watch him make the cold steel ring, Lord what a swinger, just listen to that cold steel ring,   But the bad boss come up laughing at John Henry, said you full of vinegar now, but you bout through, were gonna get a steam drill to do your share of drivin, then what's all them muscles gonna do, huh John Henry, gonna take a little bit of vinegar out of you  John Henry said I feed four little brothers, and  my baby sister's walking on her knees, did the Lord say that machines awtta take the place of living, and what's a subsitute for bread and beans, I ain't seen it, do engines get rewarded for their steam  John Henry hid in a coal mine for his dinner now, had thirty minutes to rest before the bell, the mine boss hollered get up whoever you are and get a pick ax, give me enough coal to start another hill, and keep it burning, mine me enough to start another hill  John Henry said to his captain, a man ain't nothin but a man, but if you bring that steam drill round, I'll beat it fair and honest, I'll die with my hammer in my hand, but I'll be laughing, cuz you can't replace a steel driven man  There was a big crowd of people at the mountain, John Henry said to the steam drill how is you, pardon me mister steam drill, I suppose you didn't hear me, I said how you, well can you turn a jack, can you lay a track, can you pick and shovel too, listen this hammer swingers talkin' to you  2000 people hollered go John Henry, then somebody hollered the mountain's caving in, John Henry told the captain, tell the kind folks not to worry, that ain't nothin but my hammer suckin' wind, keeps me breathing, a steel drivers muscle I intend,   Captain tell the people move back further, I'm at the finish line and I ain't no drill, she's so far behind you ain't got the brains to quit it, when she blows up she'll scatter cross the hills, Lord Lordy, when she blows up she'll scatter cross the hills  Well John Henry had a little woman, I believe the lady's name was Polly Ann, yeah that was his good woman, John Henry threw his hammer over his shoulder and went on home, he layed down to rest his weary back and early next morining he said come here Polly Ann come here sugar, ya know I believe this is the first time I ever watched the sun come up that I couldn't come up with it  Take my hammer Polly Ann and go to that rail road, swing that hammer like you seen me do it, and when your swinging with the lead men, they'll all know they'll all know your John Henry's woman, but tell them that's not all I can do, tell em I can hoist a jack, and I can lay a track, I can pick and shovel too, aint no machine can, that's been proved to you  There was a big crowd of mourners at the church house, the section hands laid him in the sand, trains go by on the rails John Henry laid, they slow down and take off their hats, the men do, when they come to the palce John Henrys laid, rests on his back, some say mornin steel driver you sure were a hammer swinger, then they go along pickin up speed, clikty clak, clikty clak, down there lies a steel driven man oh Lord, down there lies a steel driven man, down there lies a steel driven man oh Lord, down there lies a steel driven man|Country
johnnycash|Tell Him I'm Gone|You, take this hammer, take it to the capt Hey, take this hammer, take it to the capt Take this hammer, take it to the capt You can tell him I'm gone, tell him I'm gone  'Cause I ain't gonna take no more kicks and whippings No, I ain't gonna take no kicks and whipping I ain't gonna take no more, no more this kicks and his whippings You can tell him I'm gone, gone, gone, you can tell him I'm gone  Captain call me a hard headed devil Well, the captain call me a hard headed devil Well, the captain call me, you hard headed devil And that ain't my name that ain't my name  Well, the Captain got a big gun, 'bout a ninety-nine caliber Captain got a big gun, 'bout a ninety-nine caliber Well the captain got a big gun, about a ninety-nine caliber He gonna shoot me down if he ever catches me, he gonna shoot me down  But you tell him that I went where the great goose goes Tell him that I'm gone where the great goose goes Tell him I'm gone where the great goose goes Tell him I'm gone, tell him I'm gone, just tell him I'm gone  Take this hammer, take it to the capt Take this hammer, take it to the capt Take this hammer|Country
johnnycash|Another Man Done Gone|Another man done gone (another man done gone)  Another man done gone another man done gone another man done gone  Another man done gone (another man done gone  Another man done gone another man done gone)  He had a long chain on (he had a long chain on  He had a long chain on he had a long chain on)  They hung him in a tree they hung him in a tree  They let his children see they let his children see  (When he was hangin' dead) when he was hangin' dead  The captain turn his head the captain turn his head  He's from the county farm (he's from the county farm  He's from the county farm he's from the county farm)  I didn't know his name (I didn't know his name  I didn't know his name I didn't know his name)  Another man done gone another man done gone another man done gone  Another man done gone (another man done gone  Another man done gone another man done gone)  Another man done gone another man done gone another man done gone|Country
johnnycash|Busted|My bills are all due and the babies need shoes, But I'm Busted Cotton's gone down to a quarter a pound And I'm Busted  I got a cow that's gone dry  And a hen that won't lay A big stack of bills Getting bigger each day The county's gonna haul my belongings away, But I'm Busted  So I called on my brother to ask for a loan 'Cause I was Busted I hate to beg like a dog for a bone, But I'm Busted  My brother said, "there's not a thing I can do, My wife and my kids  Are all down with the flu And I was just thinkin' about callin' on you, 'Cause I'M Busted."  Lord, I ain't no thief, but a man can go wrong, When he's Busted The food that we canned last summer is gone, But I'm Busted  Now the fields are all bare And the cotton won't grow Me and my family's gotta pack up and go But I'll make a living, just where, I don't know 'Cause I'm Busted|Country
johnnycash|Casey Jones|Come all you rounders if you wanna hear The story about a brave engineer Casey Jones was the roller's name On a 6-8-wheeler course he rode to fame Caller called Casey 'bout half past four He kissed his wife at the station door He climbed in the cabin with his orders in his hand Said "this is the trip to the Promised Land"  Casey Jones, climbed in the cabin Casey Jones, orders in his hand Casey Jones, leanin' out the window Takin' a trip to the Promised Land  Through South Memphis Yards on a fly Rain been a fallin' and the water was high Everybody knew by the engine's moan That the man at the throttle was Casey Jones  Well Jones said "Fireman now don't you fret" Sim Webb said "I ain't a givin' up yet" We're eight hours late with the southbound mail We'll be on time or we're leavin' the rails  Casey Jones, climbed in the cabin Casey Jones, orders in his hand Casey Jones, leanin' out the window Takin' a trip to the Promised Land  Dead on the rail was a passenger train Blood was a boilin' in Casey's brain Casey said "Hey, look out ahead, Sim, jump, Sim, jump, or we'll all be dead!"  With a hand on a whistle and a hand on a brake North Mississippi was wide awake IC railroad officials said "He's a good engineer to be a laying dead"  Casey Jones, climbed in the cabin Casey Jones, orders in his hand Casey Jones, leanin' out the window Takin' a trip to the Promised Land  Headaches and heartaches and all kind of pain Are all a part of the railroad train Sweat and toil, the good and the grand Are part of the life of a railroad man  Casey Jones, climbed in the cabin Casey Jones, orders in his hand Casey Jones, leanin' out the window Takin' a trip to the Promised Land|Country
johnnycash|Nine Pound Hammer|Well, this nine pound hammer is a little too heavy For my size, honey for my size I'm goin' on the mountain, gonna see my baby And I ain't comin' back, Lord I ain't comin' back  Oh, roll on buddy, don't you roll so slow How can I go when my wheels won't roll Roll on buddy, pull a load o'coal How can I go when my wheels won't roll  Well, it's a long way to Harlem, it's a long way to Hazard Just to get a little brew, just to get a little brew Now when I'm long gone you can make my tombstone Out of number nine coal, out of number nine coal  Roll on buddy, don't you roll so slow How can I go when my wheels won't roll Oh, roll on buddy, pull a load o'coal How can I go when my wheels won't roll|Country
johnnycash|Rock Island Line|Now this here's a story about the Rock Island Line Well the Rock Island Line she runs down into New Orleans There's a big tollgate down there and you know If you got certain things on board when you go through the tollgate Well you don't have to pay the man no toll Well a train driver he pulled up to the tollgate And a man hollered and asked him what all he had on board and said  I got livestock I got livestock I got cows I got pigs I got sheep I got mules I got all live stock  Well he said you're alright boy you don't have to pay no toll You can just go right on through so he went on through the tollgate And as he went through he started pickin' up a little bit of speed Pickin' up a little bit of steam He got on through he turned and looked back at the man he said  Well I fooled you I fooled you I got pigiron I got pigiron I got old pigiron  <i>[Chorus]</i> Down the Rock Island Line she's a mighty good road Rock Island Line it's the road to ride Rock Island Line it's a mighty good road Well if you ride it you got to ride it like you find it Get your ticket at the station for the Rock Island Line  Looked cloudy in the west and it looked like rain Round the curve came a passenger train North bound train on a southbound track He's alright a leavin' but he won't be back  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Oh I may be right and I may be wrong But you're gonna miss me when I'm gone Well the engineer said before he died There were two more drinks that he'd like to try The conductor said what could they be A hot cup of coffee and a cold glass of tea  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Chain Gang|I was just a kid roamin' around Travelin' through, a little ol' town A man walked up and said come with me You're broke and son that's vagrancy  A carefree lad that love to roam But Lord I wish I'd stayed at home The way it looks I'll probably hang 'Cause there ain't no hope on a chain gang  I dig that ditch, I chop that corn I curse the day that I was born I believe it's better for a man to hang Than to work like a dog on a chain gang  The guard stands there with a great big gun I bet he'd love to see me run And I guess, I probably will some day I'd rather be dead than to live this way  He's well fed and he's six foot tall And he's a meanest of them all He cracks that whip and he swings that cane That sun must've touched his brain  I dig that ditch, I chop that corn I curse the day that I was born I believe it's better for a man to hang Than to work like a dog on a chain gang  I got a gal back home that's sweet and kind But she's been waitin' a long, long time I just told her to forget my name I won't ever live down the shame  Lord, deliver me from this hole Before I lose my mind and soul The flesh gets weak and the back gets broke There ain't no 'cause to laugh and joke  I dig that ditch, I chop that corn I curse the day that I was born I believe it's better for a man to hang Than to work like a dog on a chain gang  Work like a dog on a chain gang Work like a dog on a chain gang Work like a dog on a chain gang|Country
johnnycash|Waiting for a Train|All around the water tank waitin' for a train A thousand miles away from home sleeping in the rain I walked up to a brakeman just to give him a line of talk He said if you've got money I'll see that you don't walk Well I haven't got a nickel not a penny can I show He said get off you railroad bum and he slammed the boxcar door  Well he put me off in Texas a place I dearly love The wide open spaces all around me the moon and stars above Nobody seems to want me nor to lend me a helping hand I'm on my way from Frisco headin' back to Dixie Land My pocketbook is empty my heart is willed with pain I'm a thousand miles away from home just waitin' for a train|Country
johnnycash|Roughneck|Born to be a roughneck I'll never amount to nothin' Pullin' case and layin' pipe Is hard labor  Well, I was born in a boomer shack 'Bout a half mile from town Papa was a driller on a wildcat crew And my mama never was around  I learn to cuss when I was two And fight when I was three And by the time I was five there was no kid alive Could ever get the best of me  Born to be a roughneck I'll never amount to nothin' Pullin' case and layin' pipe Is hard labor  Well, I started workin' like a regular man When I was just about knee high Skinning the knuckles with my two bare hands But they never heard me cry  I remember walkin' down the road And hearin' somebody say He was born to live a rougneck's life And he's never gonna change his ways  Born to be a roughneck I'll never amount to nothin' Pullin' case and layin' pipe Is hard labor  Born to be a roughneck I'll never amount to nothin' Pullin' case and layin' pipe Is hard labor|Country
johnnycash|Long-Legged Guitar-Pickin' Man|Well I'm gonna start out walkin'  Just you wait and see  Uh-huh guitar picker  You ain't leavin' without me   Oh you big mouth woman  You long legged guitar pickin' man  But we can work this out uh huh  Yes ma'm I think we can   Well I stole the Hope diamond  Hopin' I could shut your mouth  But how am I gonna wear it  If I got to hide it out   Well you big mouth woman  You long legged guitar pickin' man  But we can work this out uh huh  Yes ma'm I think we can   Well I bought you a first class ticket  For a luxury liner cruise  I got out in that ocean  looked around and there was you   Oh you big mouth woman  You long legged guitar pickin' man  But we can work this out uh huh  Yes ma'm I think we can   I bought you a big long limousine  But I don't want no car  I gave my love and everything  But you're still what you are   You're just a big mouth woman  You long legged guitar pickin' man  But we can work this out uh huh  Yes ma'm I think we can   Oh honey I love that big sweet mouth  You a long legged guitar pickin' man  Ha ha I'm gonna pick it for you  Now you a nice guitar pickin' man|Country
johnnycash|Country Boy|Country boy, ain't got no shoes. Country boy, ain't got no blues. Well, you work all day While you're wantin' to play In the sun and the sand, With a face that's tan. At the end of the day, When your work is done, You ain't got nothin' but fun.  Country boy, ain't got no ills. Country boy, don't owe no bills.  Country boy, ain't got no ills. Country boy, don't owe no bills. You get a wiggly worm, And then you watch him squirm. While you put him on a hook, And you drop him in a brook. If everything's gonna turn out right, You're gonna fry fish tonight.  Country boy, got a lot to lose. Country boy, how I wish I was in your shoes.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>  Country boy, you got a shaggy dog. Country boy, up a holler log. Well, he comes in a run, When you pick up your gun. And with a shell or two, And your dog and you, When you get your rabbit, You'll skin his hide, He's gonna be good fried.  Country boy, you got a lot to lose. Country boy, how I wish I was in your shoes.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>  Country boy, you got work to do. Country boy, in the morning dew, You gotta plant the seed, You gotta cut the weeds. There's many a row, You know you gotta hoe When it's quittin' time, And your work is through. There's a lot of life in you  Country boy, you lucky thing. Country boy, I wish I was you, and you were me.|Country
johnnycash|If the Good Lord's Willing|If the good Lord's willing and the creek stays down I'll be in your arms time the moon come around For a taste of love that's shining in your eyes If the rooster crows at the crackin' of the dawn I'll be there just as sure as you're born  If the good Lord's willing and the creeks don't rise I'll comb my hair down brush my teeth Shine up slick up dress up neat Get everything looking just right  'Cause I want to look pretty when I see you tonight Just as sure as the rabbits are a jumping in the hollow I'll be there you can bet your bottom dollar If the good Lord's willing and the creeks don't rise  If the good Lord's willing and the creek stays low I'll be there a knockin' at your door With a hug and a kiss for the one I idolize I'll wear my suit, my Sunday best, I'll be there lookin' my best  If the good Lord's willing and the creeks don't rise I'll feed the mules and stop the hogs feed the cows and chop all the logs Get all of my working done cause tonight we're gonna have lots of fun Just as sure as there ever was a preacher man I'll be there with a ring for your hand  If the good Lord's willing and the creek don't rise|Country
johnnycash|Cry! Cry! Cry!|Everybody knows where you go when the sun goes down. I think you only live to see the lights uptown. I wasted my time when I would try, try, try. 'Cause when the lights have lost their glow, you'll cry, cry, cry.  Soon your sugar-daddies will all be gone. You'll wake up some cold day and find you're alone. You'll call for me but I'm gonna tell you: "Bye, bye, bye, " When I turn around and walk away, you'll cry, cry, cry,  You're gonna cry, cry, cry and you'll cry alone, When everyone's forgotten and you're left on your own. You're gonna cry, cry, cry.  I lie awake at night to wait 'til you come in You stay a little while and then you're gone again Every question that I ask, I get a lie, lie, lie For every lie you tell, you're gonna cry, cry, cry  When your fickle love gets old, no one will care for you. Then you'll come back to me for a little love that's true. I'll tell you no and then you'll ask me why, why, why? When I remind you of all of this, you'll cry, cry, cry.  You're gonna cry, cry, cry and you'll want me then, It'll hurt when you think of the fool you've been. You're gonna cry, cry, cry.|Country
johnnycash|Shantytown|(I live down in Shantytown  Where chicken's twenty cents a pound)  And if you live on such solid ground  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown   Well I'm back on your side of the tracks  Have come back for me to take you back  Back to your high society  To your cocktails and your teas  I'll look up but don't look down  Cause we got pride in Shantytown   (I live down in Shantytown  Where chicken's twenty cents a pound)  And if you live on such solid ground  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown   Behind the walls of your shackled heart beats pure  While the rich have a love to endure  Well is the gold in your crown turning black  Is there something here in Shantytown that keeps you coming back   I live down in Shantytown  Where chicken's twenty cents a pound  And if you live on such solid ground  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown|Country
johnnycash|It Ain't Me Babe|Go away from my window Leave at your own chosen speed I'm not the one you want, babe I'm not the one you need You say you're lookin' for someone Who's never weak but always strong To protect you and defend you Whether you are right or wrong Someone to open each and every door  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe  Go lightly from the ledge, babe Go lightly on the ground I'm not the one you want, babe I'll only let you down You say you're lookin' for someone Who'll promise never to part Someone to close his eyes for you Someone to close his heart Someone to die for you and more  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe  You say you're lookin' for someone To pick you up each time you fall To gather flowers constantly And to come each time you call And will love you for your life And nothin' more  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe|Country
johnnycash|Fast Boat to Sydney|Oh I am a cheat and I'm a liar  Oh but you're a lovin' ball of fire  I'll leave you like a bum without a penny  And while I'm home with the blues  I'll be hopin' like a kangaroo  When I get off of that fast boat to Sydney   I said listen to me babe  I gave up the lovin' trade  I'm tired of all this runnin' jumpin' playin'  But you're like it down under  The world with the Australian girls  And there's not a word of truth in what you're sayin'   Oh I am a cheat and I'm a liar  Oh but you're a lovin' ball of fire  I'll leave you like a bum without a penny  And while I'm home with the blues  I'll be hopin' like a kangaroo  When I get off of that fast boat to Sydney   This is my greatest act  I've come boom a rangin' back  Grinnin' like a Rudolf Valentino  But then you grab your travel load  Like a swingin' grimmin' dog  And hopped on that fast boat to Sydney   Cause I am a cheat and I'm a liar  Oh but you're a lovin' ball of fire  I'll leave you like a bum without a penny  And while I'm home with the blues  I'll be hopin' like a kangaroo  When I get off of that fast boat to Sydney|Country
johnnycash|Pack Up Your Sorrows|Oh but if somehow you could pack up your sorrows and give them all to me  You would lose them I know how to use them give them all to me   No use crying talking to a stranger naming the sorrows you see  Cause there's too many bad times too many sad times  And nobody knows what you mean   Oh but if somehow you could pack up your sorrows and give them all to me  You would lose them I know how to use them give them all to me   No use rambling walkin' in the shadows trailin' a wandering star  No one beside you no one to guide you and nobody knows where you are   Oh but if somehow you could pack up your sorrows and give them all to me  You would lose them I know how to use them give them all to me   No use roaming walking by that roadside seeking a satisfied mind  There's too many highways too many byways and nobody walking behind   Oh but if somehow you could pack up your sorrows and give them all to me  You would lose them I know how to use them give them all to me  You would lose them I know how to use them give them all to me|Country
johnnycash|So Doggone Lonesome|I do my best to hide this lowdown feelin' I try to make believe there's nothin' wrong But they're always askin' me about you darlin' And it hurts me so to tell 'em that you're gone  If they ask me, I guess, I'd be denyin' That I've been unhappy all alone But if they heard my heart they'd hear it cryin' Where's my darlin' when's she comin' home  I ask myself a million times what's right for me to do To try to lose my blues alone or hang around for you Well I make it pretty good until that moon comes shinin' through And that I get so doggone lonesome  Time stands still when you're a waitin' Sometimes I think my heart is stoppin' too One lonely hour seems forever Sixty minutes more to wait for you  But I guess I'll keep waitin' till you're with me 'Cause I believe that lovin' you is right But I don't care if the sun don't rise tomorrow If I can't have you with me tonight  Well I know, I'll keep on loving you 'cause true love can't be killed I ought to get you off of my mind but I guess I never will I could have a dozen others but I know, I'd love you still 'Cause I get so doggone lonesome|Country
johnnycash|I Got a Woman|I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah Well she's my baby when I'm in need oh she's a real too friend indeed I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah I save my loving early in the morning just for you oh yeah I save my loving early in the morning just for you oh yeah You're my big man don't you understand And I love you you're my loving big big man I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah  He's there to love me both day and night Never grumbles and fusses just treats me right Never walking in the streets leave me alone She knows the woman places right there out in our home I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah I got a woman way cross town good to me oh yeah  Well she's my baby don't you understand and I'm her loving man I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah Got me a big man way cross town he's good to me oh yeah Got me a big man way cross town he's good to me oh yeah He's my baby don't you understand he's my loving big big man I got a woman way across town she's good to me oh yeah|Country
johnnycash|Jackson|We got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper sprout, We've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went out. I'm goin' to Jackson, I'm gonna mess around, Yeah, I'm goin' to Jackson, Look out Jackson town.  Well, go on down to Jackson; go ahead and wreck your health. Go play your hand you big-talkin' man, make a big fool of yourself, You're goin' to Jackson; go comb your hair! Honey, I'm gonna snowball Jackson. See if I care.  When I breeze into that city, people gonna stoop and bow. (Hah!) All them women gonna make me, teach 'em what they don't know how, I'm goin' to Jackson, you turn-a loose-a my coat. 'Cos I'm goin' to Jackson. "Goodbye," that's all she wrote.  But they'll laugh at you in Jackson, and I'll be dancin' on a Pony Keg. They'll lead you 'round town like a scalded hound, With your tail tucked between your legs, You're goin' to Jackson, you big-talkin' man. And I'll be waitin' in Jackson, behind my Jaypan Fan,  Well now, we got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper Sprout, We've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went out. I'm goin' to Jackson, and that's a fact. Yeah, we're goin' to Jackson, ain't never comin' back.  Well, we got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper sprout' And we've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went...  <i>[To Fade]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Oh, What a Good Thing We Had|Sunshine and showers and everything comin' up daisies  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had  Driveins and picnics end every day was Saturday  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had   The whole wide world was jealous we wouldn't hear a thing they'd tell us  Never did need any money everything was milk and honey  Oh long walks by the river talkin' bout living together  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had   Long weeks of waitin' and livin' for the day we marry  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had  Happiness and laughter we found everything we were after  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had   The whole wide world was jealous we wouldn't hear a thing they'd tell us  Never did need any money everything was milk and honey  Oh long walks by the river talkin' bout living together  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had|Country
johnnycash|You'll Be All Right|Well I see you've lost your honey bee  I know how you must be feeling now  You feel sad sad but boy it ain't that bad  You cry just a little bit and die just a little bit  And then you'll be all right   Well you know it wasn't long ago  Your honey bee was queen of my bee tree  But then away she flew and took my honey to you  You cry just a little bit and die just a little bit  And then you'll be all right   I pity you  I know what you're going through  You watched your queen bee fly  Your honeycomb went dry  But if you keep pushin' on  You won't care if she's gone   You cry just a little bit and die just a little bit  And then you'll be all right  You cry just a little bit and die just a little bit  And then you'll be all right|Country
johnnycash|No, No, No|I'm a poor boy from the farm land  Your father is a wealthy sailing man  If I asked you for your hand  Would you tell me no oh no no no   You're a poor boy from the farm land  My daddy is a wealthy sailing man  He told me if you asked my hand  I'd better tell you no oh no no no   Your daddy brings you silk to sew  From the finest shop in Tokyo  He told you to turn me down I know  But don't say no oh no no no   Yes daddy owns a clipper ship  And he brings me pearls on every trip  And pink champagne for me to sip  And you're the poorest boy I know oh so no no no   I can't give you anything  I can't afford a wedding ring  A present that I'd like to bring  But oh I love you so oh don't say no   My daddy's three days out to sea  And he would turn me across his knee  If he knew you were kissin' me  But I can't let you go oh no no no oh no no no|Country
johnnycash|What'd I Say|Come on honey don't you treat me wrong Come and love your daddy all night long Hey hey all right hey hey baby what'd I say See that girl with a diamond ring I know where she got that thing Hey hey all right hey hey baby what'd I say  Oh yeah honey you're so fine baby you're so fine Honey you're so fine honey you're so fine Oh you're so fine hey hey all right hey hey baby what's I say See the gal with the rich dress on she can do that all night long  Hey hey all right hey hey baby what'd I say When you see me in misery come on baby and stand by me Hey hey all right hey hey baby what'd I say Baby what'd I say right now what'd I say right now honey you're so fine|Country
johnnycash|I Was There When It Happened|There are some people who say we cannot tell Whether we are saved or whether all is well They say we only can hope and trust that it is so Well, I was there when it happened and so I guess I ought to know  Yes, I know when Jesus saved me, saved my soul The very moment He forgave me, made me whole He took away my heavy burdens Lord, He gave me peace within, peace within  Satan can't make me doubt it, I won't doubt it It's real and I'm gonna shout it, I'm gonna shout it I was there when it happened And so I guess I ought to know  I don't care who tells me salvation is not real Though the world may argue, that we cannot feel The heavy burden's lifted and the vile sins go I was there when it happened and so I guess I ought to know  Yes, I know when Jesus saved me, saved my soul The very moment He forgave me, made me whole He took away my heavy burdens Lord, He gave me peace within, peace within  Satan can't make me doubt it, I won't doubt it It's real and I'm gonna shout it, I'm gonna shout it I was there when it happened And so I guess I ought to know|Country
johnnycash|The Wind Changes|It's not that I don't love you anymore It's not that I don't want to It's just that there's a line I have to darw, You've gotta cross it, don't you It would take so little You know I long to stay  Not until the wind changes Not until my heart erases Ever single memory of you  It's not that you can't hurt me anymore It's not that you don't want to It's just that there's a door I have to close You've gotta lock it, dont you There is darkness in our lives We can't see the light  Not until the wind changes Not until my heart erases Ever single memory of you  I don't want to lose what we never had I don't want the dream of living in the past If you've gotta leave I don't want to know I never saw you coming I don't want to watch you go  Not until the wind changes Not until my heart erases Ever single memory of you Might as we be history Every single memory of you  Not until the wind changes Ooh Every single memory of you Not until the wind changes|Country
johnnycash|I Walk the Line|I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the tie that binds Because you're mine, I walk the line  I find it very, very easy to be true I find myself alone when each day is through Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you Because you're mine, I walk the line  As sure as night is dark and day is light I keep you on my mind both day and night And happiness I've known proves that it's right Because you're mine, I walk the line  You've got a way to keep me on your side You give me cause for love that I can't hide For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide Because you're mine, I walk the line  I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the tie that binds Because you're mine, I walk the line|Country
johnnycash|I Just Thought You'd Like to Know|I just thought you'd like to know Since you'd made your plans to go It's gonna hurt me so to see you go But I hope you find another love and he'll be good to you But still and yet I can't forget the things we used to do  I just thought I tell you this I love you since that first sweet kiss It's gonna hurt to miss your tender kiss But I hope you get to do the things you say you wanna do But still and yet I can't forget the happiness we knew  I just thought you'd like to know how much you've hurt my pride I just thought you'd like to know how much my heart has cried over you But darling you could never see the misery you caused for me So I will tell you so cause I just thought that you'd like to know|Country
johnnycash|Folsom Prison Blues|I hear the train a comin' It's rolling round the bend And I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when I'm stuck in Folsom prison, and time keeps draggin' on But that train keeps a rollin' on down to San Antone  When I was just a baby my mama told me "Son, always be a good boy, don't ever play with guns" But I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die When I hear that whistle blowing, I hang my head and cry  I bet there's rich folks eating in a fancy dining car They're probably drinkin' coffee and smoking big cigars Well I know I had it coming, I know I can't be free But those people keep a movin' And that's what tortures me  Well if they freed me from this prison If that railroad train was mine I bet I'd move it on a little farther down the line Far from Folsom prison, that's where I want to stay And I'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues away|Country
johnnycash|You Tell Me|Tell me why she left me I'll tell you why I cried Tell you why I stayed around tell me why she lied I'll tell why my heart's broken tell me why she said goodbye Tell me why she left me I'll tell you why I cried You tell me then I'll tell you I'll tell you why I loved her tell me why she said goodbye Tell me why she left me I'll tell you why I cried  Tell me why I'm lonely I'll tell you why I'm alone Tell you why I stayed around tell me why she's gone I'll tell why my heart's broken tell me why she was untrue Tell me why she left me and I'll tell you why I'm blue You tell me then I'll tell you|Country
johnnycash|Just About Time|(Just about time I'm feelin' blue tryin' to get over you) Maybe it's just about time I told you I'm all through with you But just about the time I start to tell you I start feeling blue And just about then I lose my nerve and wait another day or two Cause just about the time I think it's over I start missing you (Hardest thing I'll ever do tryin' to get over you) It's just about time I had my sayin' I told you a thing or two It's just about time I paid you back you treat me like you do But just about the time I get the nerve I can't seem to carry through Cause just about then an mpty feelin' reminds me I miss you (Like to find somebody new I could just get you)  (Just don't know what I go through tryin' to get over you) It's just about time I let you know I've had my fill of you But just about the time I think about goin' I start missin' you I'd like to go find another love that'll never be untrue But just about the time I think about leavin' I start missin' you (Havin' a hard time feelin' blue tryin' to get over you)|Country
johnnycash|Doin' My Time|On this old rock pile with a ball and chain They call me by a number, not a name Lord, Lord Gotta do my time, I gotta do my time With an achin' heart and a worried mind  When that old judge looked down and smiled Said I put you up that river for a while Lord, Lord Gotta do my time, I gotta do my time With an achin' heart and a worried mind  You can hear my hammer, you can hear my saw Gonna swing it like John Henry all day long Lord, Lord Gotta do my time, I gotta do my time With an achin' heart and a worried mind  Well now it won't be long just a few more days I'll settle down and quit my rowdy ways Lord, Lord With that gal of mine, with that gal of mine She's waited for me while I've done my time|Country
johnnycash|Hey Porter|Hey porter! Hey porter! Would you tell me the time? How much longer will it be till we cross that Mason Dixon Line? At daylight would ya tell that engineer to slow it down? Or better still, just stop the train, Cause I wanna look around.  Hey porter! Hey porter! What time did ya say? How much longer will it be till I can see the light of day? When we hit Dixie will you tell that engineer to ring his bell? And ask everybody that ain't asleep to stand right up and yell.  Hey porter! Hey porter! It's getting light outside. This old train is puffin' smoke, and I have to strain my eyes. But ask that engineer if he will  blow his whistle please. Cause I smell frost on cotton leaves and I feel that Southern breeze.  Hey porter! Hey porter! Please get my bags for me. I need nobody to tell me now that we're in Tennessee. Go tell that engineer to make that lonesome whistle scream, We're not so far from home  so take it easy on the steam.  Hey porter! Hey porter! Please open up the door. When they stop the train I'm gonna get off first Cause I can't wait no more. Tell that engineer I said thanks alot, and I didn't mind the fare. I'm gonna set my feet on Southern soil and breathe that Southern air.|Country
johnnycash|Get Rhythm|Hey, get rhythm when you get the blues Come on, get rhythm when you get the blues Get a rock 'n' roll feelin' in your bones Put taps on your toes and get gone Get rhythm when you get the blues  A Little shoeshine boy never gets low down But he's got the dirtiest job in town Bendin' low at the peoples' feet On the windy corner of the dirty street Well, I asked him while he shined my shoes How'd he keep from gettin' the blues He grinned as he raised his little head Popped a shoeshine rag and then he said  Get rhythm when you get the blues Come on, get rhythm when you get the blues A jumpy rhythm makes you feel so fine It'll shake all the trouble from your worried mind Get rhythm when you get the blues  Get rhythm when you get the blues Come on , get rhythm when you get the blues Get a rock 'n' roll feelin' in your bones Put taps on your toes and get gone Get rhythm when you get the blues  Well, I sat down to listen to the shoeshine boy And I thought I was gonna jump for joy Slapped on the shoe polish left and right He took a shoeshine rag and he held it tight He stopped once to wipe the sweat away I said you're a mighty little boy to be-a workin' that way He said I like it with a big wide grin Kept on a poppin' and he said again  Get rhythm when you get the blues Come on, get rhythm when you get the blues It only costs a dime, just a nickel a shoe Does a million dollars worth of good for you Get rhythm when you get the blues|Country
johnnycash|I Was There When It Happened|There are some people who say we cannot tell Whether we are saved or whether all is well They say we only can hope and trust that it is so Well, I was there when it happened and so I guess I ought to know  Yes, I know when Jesus saved me, saved my soul The very moment He forgave me, made me whole He took away my heavy burdens Lord, He gave me peace within, peace within  Satan can't make me doubt it, I won't doubt it It's real and I'm gonna shout it, I'm gonna shout it I was there when it happened And so I guess I ought to know  I don't care who tells me salvation is not real Though the world may argue, that we cannot feel The heavy burden's lifted and the vile sins go I was there when it happened and so I guess I ought to know  Yes, I know when Jesus saved me, saved my soul The very moment He forgave me, made me whole He took away my heavy burdens Lord, He gave me peace within, peace within  Satan can't make me doubt it, I won't doubt it It's real and I'm gonna shout it, I'm gonna shout it I was there when it happened And so I guess I ought to know|Country
johnnycash|I Forgot to Remember to Forget|I forgot to remember to forget her I can't seem to get her off my mind I thought I'd never miss her but I found out somehow I think about her almost all the time  The day she went away I made myself a promise That I'd soon forget we'd ever met But something sure is wrong Cause I'm so blue and lonely I forgot to remember to forget  The day she went away I made myself a promise That I'd soon forget we'd ever met But something sure is wrong Cause I'm so blue and lonely I forgot to remember to forget|Country
johnnycash|Katy Too|I'm not the going steady kind I miss 'em all, all the time I told Annie I'd be true But I still think about Katy too  Katy too, Katy too I still think about Katy too  If you should see miss Mary-Ann Just tell her I'm her loving man Give my love to Jane and Sue But don't forget ol' Katy too  Katy too, Katy too Don't forget ol' Katy too  I like Sadie's chicken stew And Suzie's good at stitchin' wool I like Mary's barbecue But I still like ol' Katy too  Katy too, Katy too I still like ol' Katy too  Now, girls I'm not the flirty kind But I just can't make up my mind I'd like to marry all of you But I still miss ol' Katy too  Katy too, Katy too I still miss ol' Katy too  To all the girls I make this toast I love you eveyone the most But don't ask me to say "I do" 'Cause I still miss ol' Katy too  Katy too, Katy too I still miss ol' Katy too  Cupid you bet you been good to me I got more girls than I can see But if you give me all but two Then let's squeeze in ol' Katy too  Katy too, Katy too Let's squeeze in ol' Katy too|Country
johnnycash|Thanks a Lot|You're tellin' everyone in town that I don't treat you right You even say I stay away and don't come home at night I'm losing you and you are all I've got thanks a lot thanks a lot  It seems you like to hurt me and you know I'm good to you I'd give you anything I own do anything you want me to Yeah now you really got me on the spot thanks a lot thanks a lot  Still I would forgive you if you'd let me I'd be glad if we could try again But it seems that you're just out to get me And it looks as if you're just about to win No matter what you do I'll always do love you And you will never know how it hurts to see you go And you're callin' me those things you know I'm not thanks a lot thanks a lot  No matter what you do I always do love you And you will never know how it hurts to see you go You say I'm happy but you know I'm not thanks a lot thanks a lot thanks a lot|Country
johnnycash|Luther Played the Boogie|We were just a plain ol' hillbilly band with a plain ol' country style We never played the kind of songs that'd drive anybody wild Played a railroad song with a stomping beat We played a blues song, kinda slow and sweet But the thing that knocked them off of their feet was, ooh-wee When Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie woogie Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie woogie Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie woogie Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie in the strangest kind of way Play it strange!  Well, we did our best to entertain everywhere we'd go We'd nearly wear our fingers off to give the folks a show Played jumping jive to make 'em get in the groove We played sad songs, real slow and smooth But the only thing that'd make 'em move was, ooh-wee When Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie woogie Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie woogie Luther played the boogie  Now, did Luther play the boogie strange?|Country
johnnycash|Folsom Prison Blues|I hear the train a comin' It's rolling round the bend And I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when I'm stuck in Folsom prison, and time keeps draggin' on But that train keeps a rollin' on down to San Antone  When I was just a baby my mama told me "Son, always be a good boy, don't ever play with guns" But I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die When I hear that whistle blowing, I hang my head and cry  I bet there's rich folks eating in a fancy dining car They're probably drinkin' coffee and smoking big cigars Well I know I had it coming, I know I can't be free But those people keep a movin' And that's what tortures me  Well if they freed me from this prison If that railroad train was mine I bet I'd move it on a little farther down the line Far from Folsom prison, that's where I want to stay And I'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues away|Country
johnnycash|You Win Again|The news is out all over town That you've been seen out runnin' around I know that I should leave, but then I just can't go, You win again  This heart of mine could never see What everybody knows but me Just trusting in you was my great sin What can I do? You Win Again  Yes this heart of mine could never see What everybody knows but me Just trusting you was my great sin What can I do? You Win Again|Country
johnnycash|I Walk the Line|I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the tie that binds Because you're mine, I walk the line  I find it very, very easy to be true I find myself alone when each day is through Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you Because you're mine, I walk the line  As sure as night is dark and day is light I keep you on my mind both day and night And happiness I've known proves that it's right Because you're mine, I walk the line  You've got a way to keep me on your side You give me cause for love that I can't hide For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide Because you're mine, I walk the line  I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the tie that binds Because you're mine, I walk the line|Country
johnnycash|Hey, Good Lookin'|Hey hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me Hey hey sweet baby don't you think maybe we could find us a brand new recepie I got a hot rod Ford and a two dollar bill and I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancin's free if you wanna have fun come along with me Hey hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me  I'm free and ready so we can go steady how's about savin' all your time for me No more lookin' I know I've been tooken how's about keepin' steady company I'm gonna throw my datebook over the fence find me one for five or ten cents Keep it till it's covered with age cause I'm writin' your name down on every page Say hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me|Country
johnnycash|The Night Hank Williams Came to Town|Harry Truman was our president A coke an burger cost you thirty cents I was still in love with Mavis Brown On the night Hank Williams came to town.  "I Love Lucy" debuted on TV That was one big event we didn't see 'Cause no one stayed at home for miles around It was the night Hank Williams came to town.  Mama ironed my shirt and daddy let me take the truck I drove on out to Grapevine and picked old Mavis up We hit that county line for one quick round On the night HANK WILLIAMS came to town.  A thousand people sweltered in the gym Then I heard someone whisper; "Hey, that's him" That's when the crowd let out this deafening sound It was the night Hank Williams came to town.  On and on he sang into the night 'Jambalaya', 'Cheatin' heart', 'I saw the light' How'd they get Miss Audrey in that gown On the night Hank Williams came to town.  Mavis had her picture made with Hank outside his car She said; "He sure is humble for a Grand Ole Opry Star." Mavis said: "Why don't we hang around It ain't often that Hank Williams comes to town."  While Hank signed his autograph on Beaulah Rice's fan Mavis got acquainted with the Driftin' Cowboys Band The effect on all our lives was quite profound On the night Hank Williams came to town.|Country
johnnycash|Let Him Roll|Let him roll, boys let him roll I bet he's gone to dallas rest his soul  Now he was a wino, tried and true Done about everything there is to do He worked on freighters, he worked in bars He worked on farms, 'n he worked on cars  Now it was white port whine, that put that look in his eye That grown men get when they need to cry And we sat down on the curb to rest And his head just fell down on his chest  He said "every single day it gets Just a little bit harder to handle and yet..." Then he lost the thread and his mind got cluttered The words just rolled off down in the gutter  He was a elevator man in a cheap hotel In exchange for the rent on a one room cell And he's years old before his time No thanks to the world, and the white port wine  And he said "son", he always called me son He said, "life for you has just begun" And then he told me the story that i heard before How he fell in love with a dallas whore  He could cut through the years to the very night That it all ended, in a whore house fight And she turned his last proposal down In favor of being a girl about town  Now it's been seventeen years right in line And he ain't been straight none of the time It's too many years of fightin' the weather And too many nights of not being together  So he died...  Let him roll, boys let him roll I bet he's gone to dallas rest his soul Let him roll, boys let him roll He always thought that heaven Was just a dallas whore  When they went through his personal affects In among the stubs from the welfare checks Was a crumblin' picture of a girl in a door An address in dallas, and nothin' more  Well the welfare people provided the priest And a couple from the mission down the street Sang amasing grace, and nobody cried 'cept some lady in black way off to the side  We all left and she's standing there The black veil covering her silver hair And one-eyed john said her name was alice She used to be a whore in dallas  Let him roll, boys let him roll I bet he's gone to dallas rest his soul Let him roll, boys let him roll He always thought that heaven Was just a dallas whore Let him roll, boys let him roll|Country
johnnycash|I Could Never Be Ashamed of You|Everybody says you let me down I should be ashamed to take you round Makes no difference what you used to do darling I could never be ashamed of you  Maybe you were reckless yesterday but together we can find a brighter way In my heart I know that you'll come true darling I could never be ashamed of you  All the happiness I've ever known came the day you said you'd be my own And it matters not what we go through darling I could never be ashamed of you  Maybe you've been cheated in the past and perhaps those memories will always last Even though you prove to be untrue darling I could never be ashamed of you|Country
johnnycash|Sugartime|Well now sugar in the morning sugar in the evening sugar at suppertime Be my little sugar and love me all the time Honey in the morning honey in the evening honey at suppertime Be my little honey and love me all the time  Put your arms around me swear by stars above You'll be mine forever in the heaven of love Sugar in the morning sugar in the evening sugar at suppertime Be my little sugar and love me all the time  Now sugar time is anytime that you're near oh you're so dear Now don't you roam just be my honeycomb and live in a heaven of love  Well sugar in the morning...|Country
johnnycash|My Ship Will Sail|Life is just a passing moment On an neverending trail Though my pathway wanders for awhile Someday my ship will sail  But I will walk this road awhile I will walk it with a smile And I will take it in my stride Someday I'll be satisfied I will walk this road awhile I will walk it with a smile I will take it in my stride Someday I'll be satisfied  There's eternity before me Just beyond the dark'ning veil O my spirit hungers to go on Someday my ship will sail  But I will walk this road awhile I will walk it with a smile And I will take it in my stride Someday I'll be satisfied I will walk this road awhile I will walk it with a smile I will take it in my stride Someday I'll be satisfied I will walk this road awhile I will walk it with a smile (fading out)I will take...|Country
johnnycash|Down the Street to 301|There's a boy across the street lately he's looked very neat Seems he's always on the run down the street to 301 (Seems he's always on the run down the street to 301)  Saturday he mows the lawn it's about a crack of dawn Nine o'clock the work's all done down the street to 301 (Nine o'clock the work's all done down the street to 301)  When it's back to school this fall winter's chill may end it all But for now there's lots of fun with the girl at 301 (But for now there's lots of fun with the girl at 301)  Maybe they will never wed sure they may break up instead But for now she is the one the girl who lives at 301 (But for now she is the one the girl who lives at 301)  The boy who lives across the street has a reason to be neat He's in love and on the run with the girl at 301 (He's in love and on the run with the girl at 301)  Don't you tell 'em to beware of a summer love affair You know she is only one the girl that live at 301 (You know she is only one the girl that live at 301)|Country
johnnycash|Life Goes On|My baby left me just the other day I guess the things will never be the same But I must forget that she is gone Cause time goes by and life goes on  Making plans, shaking hands Try to prove that I'm a man It's hard to do but I must try Cause life goes on and so will I  It's been kinda tough these last few days Trying to act normal and be gay It's not easy to be all alone But time goes by and life goes on  If I see her anywhere I hope she thinks that I don't care For after night there comes the dawn Yes time goes by and life goes on|Country
johnnycash|Port of Lonely Hearts|A ship came in, but it was empty; And then it sailed back out to sea again. Now there's the sail on the horizon, And now I wait until your ship comes in.  And I'll be waiting in the port of lonely hearts, Watchin' for your topsail on the sea. Prayin' that my ship of love will come  To the port of lonely hearts where I will be.  I'll brave the storm until you're with me, Cause wind and rain can't change a love that's true. I'll be alone until you anchor and then I'll leave this lonely port with you.  Till then I'm waiting in the port of lonely hearts, Watchin' for your topsail on the sea. Prayin' that my ship of love will come To the port of lonely hearts where I will be.|Country
johnnycash|That Old Wheel|<i>[Chorus]</i> That old wheel is gonna roll around once more When it does it will even up the score Don’t be weak: as they sew, they will reap Turn the other cheek and don’t give in That old wheel will roll around again  When love is gone and the one you thought would stay Does you wrong, and you’re left alone to pay The price is high But somehow you’ll survive, don’t give in That old wheel will roll around again  <i>[Chorus]</i>  There’ll be times, hard to control And you’ll find you’ll hurt down in your soul There’ll be those who’ll be glad to see you down But don’t give in, that old wheel will roll around again  <i>[Chorus x2]</i>  Roll around, around, again, again|Country
johnnycash|My Treasure|I saved a lot of money my fortune was untold  And like a fool I idealized my silver and my gold  My earthly treasure's mounted but when I counted through  I realized the treasure I had overlooked was you   My treasure unmeasured but forsaken of the treasures that come from above  My treasure unmeasured but it don't hold a heart of the one that I love   If I had my life before me if I could see it all  I'd stake my claim on things that are secured against downfall  I'd work for earthly treasures like any man would do  But I set my sights much higher and I'd be sure that I had you   My treasure unmeasured unmeasured...|Country
johnnycash|Oh, Lonesome Me|Everybody's going out and having fun I'm just a fool for staying home and having none I can't get over how she set set me free oh lonesome me  A bad mistake I'm making by just hanging round I know that I should have some fun and paint the town I thought of everything from A to Z oh lonesome me  I'll bet she's not like me she's out and fancy free Flirtin' with the boys with all her charms But I still love her so and brother don't you know I'd welcome her right back here in my arms  Well there must be some way I can lose these lonesome blues Forget about the past and find somebody new I thought of everything from A to Z oh lonesome me oh lonesome me  Well I'll bet she's not like me... Oh lonesome me|Country
johnnycash|Ballad of a Teenage Queen|(Dream on, dream on teenage queen prettiest girl we've ever seen)  There's a story in our town Of the prettiest girl around Golden hair and eyes of blue How those eyes could flash at you (How those eyes could flash at you) Boys hung 'round her by the score But she loved the boy next door who worked at the candy store (Dream on, dream on teenage queen prettiest girl we've ever seen)  She was tops in all they said It never once went to her head She had everything it seems Not a care, this teenage queen (Not a care, this teenage queen) Other boys could offer more But she loved the boy next door who worked at the candy store (Dream on, dream on teenage queen you should be a movie queen)  He would marry her next spring Saved his money, bought a ring Then one day a movie scout Came to town to take her out (Came to town to take her out) Hollywood could offer more So she left the boy next door working at the candy store (Dream on, dream on teenage queen see you on the movie screen)  Very soon she was a star Pretty house and shiny car Swimming pool and a fence around But she missed her old home town (But she missed her old home town) All the world was at her door All except the boy next door who worked at the candy store (Dream on, dream on teenage queen saddest girl we've ever seen)  Then one day the teenage star Sold her house and all her cars Gave up all her wealth and fame Left it all and caught a train (Left it all and caught a train) Do I have to tell you more She came back to the boy next door who worked at the candy store  (Now this story has some more, you'll hear it all at the candy store)|Country
johnnycash|Beans for Breakfast|I couldn't hear you for the TV, I didn't know you said goodbye I saw your cancelled check for the airfare, didn't know flyin' got too high Beans for breakfast once again, hard to eat 'em from the can.  I've run out of clean utensils, I'm a hungry nasty lonesome man I heard the crows outside my window, guess it's me they're talkin' about The fire you lit has burnt to cinders, every good things fizzled out Beans for breakfast once again, hard to eat 'em from the can.  Wish you'd come back and wash the dishes, I'm a hungry nasty lonesome man Caught a cold with the window open, crow droppings o my window sill Probably got histoplasmosis, got no gun or I would kill them crows Beans for breakfast once again, hard to eat 'em from the can.  Plastic forks are a dime a dozen I'm a hungry nasty lonesome man Finally made it to the mailbox, felt so bad I thought I'd die All I got was a bill from my doctor, well I guess flyin' ain't so high Bean for breakfast once again, hard to eat 'em from the can.  Blue tick mattress cold and greasy, I'm a hungry nasty lonesome man The house burned down from the fire that I built, in your closet by mistake After I took all them pills, but I got out safe in my duck head overalls Beans for breakfast once again, I'm a hungry nasty lonesome man.|Country
johnnycash|Home of the Blues|Just around the corner there's heartache Down the street that losers use If you can wade in through the teardrops You'll find me at the Home of the Blues  I walk and cry while my heartbeat Keeps time with the drag of my shoes The sun never shines through this window of mine It's dark at the Home of the Blues  Oh, but the place is filled with the sweetest mem'ries Mem'ries so sweet that I cry Dreams that I've had left me feeling so bad I just want to give up and lay down and die  So if you've just lost your sweetheart And it seems there's no good way to choose Come along with me, misery loves company You're welcome at the Home of the Blues  Oh, but the place is filled with the sweetest mem'ries Mem'ries so sweet that I cry Dreams that I've had left me feeling so bad I just want to give up and lay down and die  So if you've just lost your sweetheart And it seems there's no good way to choose Come along with me, misery loves company You're welcome at the Home of the Blues You'll find me at the Home of the Blues Yeah, you're gonna find me at the Home of the Blues|Country
johnnycash|Wanted Man|Wanted man in California, Wanted man in Buffalo Wanted man in Kansas City, Wanted man in Ohio  Wanted man in Mississippi, Wanted man in ol' Cheyenne  Wherever you might look tonight you might see this wanted man  I might be in Colorado, Or Georgia by the sea Working for some man who may not know at all who I might be  If you ever see me coming and if you know who I am Don't you breathe it to nobody 'cause you know I'm on the lamb  Wanted man by Lucy Watson, Wanted man by Jeannie Brown Wanted man by Nellie Johnson, Wanted man in this next town  I've had all that I wanted of a lot of things I've had And a lot more than I needed of some things that turned out bad  I got sidetracked in El Paso, Stopped to get myself a map Went the wrong way in Juarez with Juanita on my lap  Went to sleep in Shreveport, Woke up in Abilene Wonderin' why I'm wanted at some town half way in between  Wanted man in Albuquerque, Wanted man in Syracuse Wanted man in Tallahassee, Wanted man in Baton Rouge  There's somebody set to grab me Anywhere that I might be And wherever you might look tonight You might get a glimpse of me  Wanted man in California, Wanted man in Buffalo Wanted man in Kansas City, Wanted man in Ohio  Wanted man in Mississippi, Wanted man in ol' Cheyenne  Wherever you might look tonight you might see this wanted man|Country
johnnycash|The Greatest Cowboy of Them All|I have always had my heroes I've loved a lot of legends Many men in my mind are ridin' tall But my cowboy hero hats off to the man who rode a donkey He's the greatest cowboy of them all He loves all his little doggies he speaks to them kind and gently And he'll lift up any maverick that falls He sees every stray that scatters like it's the only one that matters He's the greatest cowboy of them all Once he rode into the sunset but some returning sunrise He'll call up all the riders in the sky I gotta get my roll together gettin' ready for that sunrise That winds up where old cowboys never die The trail he rides is narrow but it's straighter than an arrow And he rides point for all the great and small He will take us through the wire onto that plain that's higher He's the greatest cowboy of them all Once he rode into the sunset... He's the greatest cowboy of them all|Country
johnnycash|You're the Nearest Thing to Heaven|I have sailed the peaceful waters of the ocean deep and blue I held my breath and watched the western sunsets golden hue I've flown above the mountain peaks and valleys wide and green But you're the nearest thing to heaven that I've seen  You're the nearest thing to heaven yes you are I have searched for happiness so long and far But my search for love was through the day that I found you Cause you're the nearest thing to heaven yes you are  I confess that I've been tempted by a luring magic charms When the smile was flashed my way and stood before two open arms But I turned and walked away because I love you like I do You're the nearest thing to heaven darlin' you  You're the nearest thing to heaven...  I have watched the silver raindrops fall to earth to cool the day Watched the rainbow at twilight when the clouds had blown away I love the pretty flowers but they cannot buy the worth Cause you're the nearest thing to heaven on this earth  You're the nearest thing to heaven...|Country
johnnycash|Goin' by the Book|You can see it in the movies and the paper and the tv news Somebody's army is always on the move There's gonna be a battle the lines have been drawn They've got guns and tanks and planes  The wells are gone dry and the water is bad and the air is acid rain There's war after war and rumors of war from the east There's a rumblin' in the ground and they're talkin' about the beast  Good mothers cry cause the rivers run high With the blood of too many sons Some people say peace is on the way But the worst is still to come  Cause the prophets wrote about it And jesus spoke about it And john got to take a look And he told us what he saw when it's easy to see It's goin' by the book It's goin' by the book  There's armies in the cities and the missiles stand ready for flight A pale horse rides like the wind across the night And that rumblin' in the desert like thunder gettin' closer And the trumpet's gettin' ready to blow There's gonna be a shout that will wake the dead we better be ready to go  Cause the prophets wrote about it And jesus spoke about it And john got to take a look And he told us what he saw when it's easy to see It's goin' by the book It's goin' by the book  It's goin' by the book Goin' by the book|Country
johnnycash|I'll Go Somewhere and Sing My Songs Again|A way out on the mountain near the sky Hiding from the cold realities of life Shaking that old road dust off my heels I give my heart and mind a chance to heal  Then I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again More than likely ride back to the places that I've been In fairness to my music and my friends I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again  A raccoon stole my minnows in the night Thought I appreciate his need and his appetite But unlike me he doesn't have to roam And it's true that man can't live on bread alone  Then I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again More than likely ride back to the places that I've been In fairness to my music and my friends I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again  It feels so good to have a simple wish Where life and death is me and some old fish Poor king sits with a cold beer in his hand And surveys a clear blue kingdom on the sand  Then I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again More than likely ride back to the places that I've been In fairness to my music and my friends I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again I'll go somewhere and sing my songs again|Country
johnnycash|Bad News|Ha ha ha come on bad news ha ha  Well bad news travels like wild fire goodnews travels slow  They all call me Wildfire ha ha cause everybody knows  I'm bad news everywhere I go  Always gettin' in a trouble and leaving little girls that hate to see me go  They tried to hang me in Oakland and the did in Francisco  But I wouldn't choke I broke their rope and they had to let me go  Cause I'm bad news everywhere I go  Always gettin' in a trouble and leaving little girls that hate to see me go  Now from north to south east to west the story is the same  From one state to another I have to change my name  Cause I'm bad news everywhere I go  Always gettin' in a trouble and leaving little girls that hate to see me go   Well now I've picked peaches in Georgia I lumberjacked in Maine  I've been hired fired and jailed in any town you can name  Cause I'm bad news everywhere I go  Always gettin' in a trouble and leaving little girls that hate to see me go|Country
johnnycash|Give My Love to Rose|I found him by the railroad track this morning I could see that he was nearly dead I knelt down beside him and I listened Just to hear the words the dying fellow said  He said they let me out of prison out in Frisco For ten long years I've paid for what I've done I was trying to get back to Louisiana To see my Rose and get to know my son  Give my love to Rose please won't you mister? Take her all my money, tell her buy some pretty clothes Tell my boy that daddy's so proud of him And don't forget to give my love to Rose  Won't you tell them I said thanks for waiting for me Tell my boy to help his mom at home Tell my Rose to try to find another 'Cause it ain't right that she should live alone  Mister here's a bag with all my money It won't last them long the way it goes God bless you for finding me this morning Now don't forget to give my love to Rose  Give my love to Rose please won't you mister? Take her all my money, tell her buy some pretty clothes Tell my boy that daddy's so proud of him And don't forget to give my love to Rose|Country
johnnycash|Understand Your Man|Don’t call my name out your window, I’m leavin' I won’t even turn my head. Don’t send your kinfolk to give me no talkin' I’ll be gone, like I said.  You’d just say the same old things That you be sayin'all along, Just lay there in your bed and keep your mouth shut, Till I’m gone. Don’t give me that old familiar cry and fuss and moan  Understand your man. I'm tired of your bad mouthing Understand your man.  Now, you can give my other suit to the Salvation Army, And everything else I leave behind -- I ain't taking nothing that'll slow down my traveling While I'm untangling my mind. I ain't gonna repeat what i said anymore. While I'm breathing air that ain't been breathed before I'll be as gone as the wild gruesome winter Then you'll understand your man Meditate on it You hear me talking now Understand your man Remember what i told ya Understand your man.|Country
johnnycash|Wreck of the Old '97|Well they gave him his orders at Monroe, Virginia, Said: "Steve, you're way behind time, "This is not 38, this is Ol' 97, "Put her into Spencer on time."  Then he turned around and said to his black, greasy fireman, "Shovel on a little more coal. "And when we cross that White Oak mountain, "Watch Ol' '97 roll."  And then a telegram come from Washington station, This is how it read: "Oh that brave engineer that run ol 97,  "Is lyin in old Danville dead."  'Cos he was going down a grade making 90 miles an hour, The whistle broke into a scream. He was found in the wreck with his hand on the throttle, Scalded to death by the steam.  One more time!  Oh, now all you ladies you'd better take a warning, From this time on and learn. Never speak hard words to your true-lovin' husband. He may leave you and never return.  Poor Boy.|Country
johnnycash|Still in Town|To love you so and still not have you will destroy me in time So I'm goin' away where nobody knows me and get you off of my mind I've packed my things a dozen times but unpack is all I do Yes I'm still in town still around and still in love with you  I made it to the edge of town and turned around I made it to the bridge downtown by my nerve let me down I tried to go but how can I leave when all roads lead to you Yes I'm still in town still around and still in love with you  I made it to the edge of town and turned around I made it to the bridge downtown by my nerve let me down I tried to go but how can I leave when all roads lead to you Yes I'm still in town still around and still in love with you|Country
johnnycash|Big River|Now I taught the weeping willow how to cry And I showed the clouds how to cover up a clear blue sky And the tears I cried for that woman are gonna flood you Big River And I'm gonna sit right here until I die  I met her accidentally in St. Paul (Minnesota) And it tore me up every time I heard her drawl, Southern drawl Then I heard my dream went back downstream cavortin' in Davenport And I followed you, Big River, when you called  Then you took me to St. Louis later on (down the river) A freighter said she's been here but she's gone, boy, she's gone I found her trail in Memphis, but she just walked up the bluff Raised a few eyebrows and went on down alone  Now, won't you batter down by Baton Rouge, River Queen, roll it on Take that woman on down to New Orleans, New Orleans Go on, I've had enough; dump my blues down in the gulf She loves you, Big River, more than me|Country
johnnycash|The Story of a Broken Heart|Hmm the story of a broken heart  Well the sprinftime is coming and the honeybees are humming  And I just saw a robin flying by  While your wedding bells are ringing my poor heart is singing  The story of a broken heart hmm the story of a broken heart   When the trees start to blooding the mem'ries start to flooding  And my heart takes a trip to yesterday  When we walked neath the moon an our love was in bloom  Now we're two lovers drifted apart hmm the story of a broken heart   Now the wedding invitation forced out to your relation  But you ask me to give the pride away  Although I can't show it I think that you'll know it  A story that's told from my heart hmm the story of a broken heart|Country
johnnycash|The Christmas Spirit|Praises sing to Christ the King And peace to men on earth  On Christmas Eve I dreamed I traveled all around the earth And in my dream I saw and heard the ways the different people Hail the king whose star shone in the east and what a dream it was  In London Town I walked around Piccadilly Circus A mass of people movin' here and there, I wondered where On every face at every place was, "Hurry up, I'm late" But a kind old man at a chestnut stand said, "Merry Christmas mate" And I felt the Christmas spirit  In a little town nestled down in Bavaria Germany I walked along to see what the feeling there would be And here again was the busy din, the rushin', the yellin' But some kind boy said, "Frohliche Weihnachten" Not understanding the words but gettin' the buyin' and sellin' I felt the Christmas spirit  In Bethlehem I heard a hymn, some distant choir sang And with other tourists I walked along to a Church as its bells rang Then I heard someone tell someone, "There's where Christ was born" I wonder if He looked like our baby looked on that first morn And then I really felt the Christmas spirit  From a businessman in the Holy Land at a sidewalk souvenirshop I bought a little Bible since I'd already stopped And it was in Paris France somehow by chance that I took the Bible out As I flipped the pages I saw these words  And I knew what it was all about For I read, "Fear not for behold I bring you good tidings of great joy Which shall be to all people For unto you He was born this day in the City of David, a Saviour Which is Christ the Lord"  Then I took the little Holy Book, held it close and tight I closed my eyes and visualized the glory of that night So suddenly it came to me for when I awoke on Christmas Day I felt the Christmas spirit down deep inside to stay  O little town of Bethlehem how still we see Thee lie Above Thy deep and dreamless sleep the silent stars go by Yet in Thy dark streets shineth the everlasting light The hopes and fears of all the years are met in Thee tonight|Country
johnnycash|I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day|I heard the bells on Christmas Day Their old familiar carols play And wild and sweet the words repeat Of peace on earth goodwill to men  I thought how as the day had come The belfries of all Christendom Had rolled along unbroken song Of peace on earth goodwill to men  And in despair I bowed my head There is no peace on earth I said For hate is strong that mocks the song Of peace on earth goodwill to men  Then pealed the bells more loud and deep God is not dead nor doubt He sleeps The wrong shall fail the right prevail With peace on earth goodwill to men  Till ringin' singin' on its way The world revolve from night to day A voice a chime a chance so blind Of peace on earth goodwill to men  Then pealed the bells more loud and deep God is not dead nor doubt He sleeps The wrong shall fail the right prevail With peace on earth goodwill to men|Country
johnnycash|Blue Christmas|I'll have a blue blue Christmas  I'll have a blue blue Christmas without you I'll be so blue thinking about you Decorations of red, on a green Christmas tree Won't mean a thing if you're not here with me  I'll have a blue Christmas, that's certain And when those blue blue heartaches start hurtin' You'll be doing alright with your Christmas of white But I'll have a blue blue Christmas  I'll have a blue Christmas without you I'll be so blue thinking about you Decorations of red, on a green Christmas tree Won't mean a thing if you're not here with me  I'll have a blue Christmas, that's certain And when those blue heartaches start hurtin' You'll be doing alright with your Christmas of white But I'll have a blue blue Christmas  A blue blue Christmas without you|Country
johnnycash|The Gifts They Gave|Jesus our King, kind and good Was humbly born in a stable of wood And the lowly beasts around Him stood Jesus our King, kind and good  "I", said the donkey, shaggy and brown "I carried His mother up and down I carried His mother to Bethlehem town" "I", said the donkey, shaggy and brown  "I", said the ox, "This was my hay I gave Him my manger, 'twas here that He lay I gave Him my manger, 'twas here that He lay" "I", said the ox, "This was my hay"  "I" said the sheep with pearly horn "I gave Him my wool for a blanket warm He wore my coat on Christmas morn" "I", said the sheep with pearly horn  "I", said the dove, from the rafters high "I sang Him to sleep that He would not cry We sang Him to sleep, my love and I" "I", said the dove, from the rafters high  And so every heart, by some good spell In the stable dark, was glad to tell Of the gift that he gave to Emmanuel Of the gift that he gave to Emmanuel|Country
johnnycash|Here Was a Man|(Joy to the world, the Lord is come) Here was a man, a man Who was born in a small village The son of a peasant woman He grew up in another small village Until he reached the age of thirty He worked as a carpenter  Then for three years He was a traveling minister But he never traveled more Than two hundred miles from Where he was born and Where he did go he usually walked  He never held political office He never wrote a book Never bought a home Never had a family He never went to college And he never set foot inside a big city  Yes, here was a man  Though he never did one on the things Usually associated with greatness He had no credentials but himself He had nothing to do with this world Except through the divine purpose That brought him to this world  While he was still a young man The tide of popular opinion turned against him Most of his friends ran away One of them denied him One of them betrayed him And turned him over to his enemies Then he went through the mockery of a trial  And was nailed to a cross between two thieves And even while he was dying His executioners gambled For the only piece of property That he had in this world And that was his robe his purple robe  When he was dead He was taken down from the cross And laid in a borrowed grave Provided by compassionate friends More than nineteen centuries have come and gone And today he's a centerpiece of the human race Our leader in the column to human destiny  I think, I'm well within the mark when I say That all of the armies that ever marched All of the navies that ever sailed the seas All of the legislative bodies that ever sat And all of the kings that ever reigned All of them put together have not affected The life of man on this earth So powerfully as that one solitary life  Here was a man (Joy to the world, the Lord is come)|Country
johnnycash|Goodbye Little Darlin' Goodbye|Goodbye, little darlin', we're parting  Parting don't always mean goodbye  Although we had to part, you're always in my heart  Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye   Goodbye, little darlin', I'll miss you  Miss you like the stars would miss the sky  I hate to see you go, I'm gonna miss you so Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye   Goodbye, little darlin', I love you Love you until the day I die  Would you dream a dream of me, wherever you may be  Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye|Country
johnnycash|Troublesome Waters|Troublesome waters much blacker than night  Are hiding from view of the harbor's bright lights  Tossed in the turmoil of life's stormy sea I cry to my Saviour have mercy on me  Then gently I'm feeling the touch of his hands guiding my boat in safely to land  Leading the way to heaven's bright shore  Troublesome waters I'm fearing no more   Troublesome waters around me do roll they're rocking my boat and racking my soul  Loved ones are drifting and living in sin the treacherous whirlpools are pulling them in  Then gently I'm feeling...   When troublesome waters are rolling so high I'll lift up my voice and to heaven I'll cry  My Lord I am trusting give guidance to me and steady my boat on life's troubled sea  Then gently I'm feeling...|Country
johnnycash|Hiawatha's Vision|On the shores of Gitchgoomy by the shining big sea water Hiawatha old and greyin' listened to the older prophet listened to lagu And the young men and the women from the land of Ojibways From the land of the Dakotas from the woodlands and the prairies Stood and listened to the prophet heard lagu tell Hiawatha I have seen he said a water bigger that the big sea water Broader than the Gitchgoomy bitter so that none cold drink it Salty so that none would use it Hiawatha then spoke to them stopped all their jeering and their jesting And he spoke to all the people It's true what lagu tells you for I have seen it in a vision I have also seen the water to the East to the land of morning And upon this great water came a strange canoe with pinions Bigger than a grove of pine trees taller than the tallest tree tops And upon this great canoe were sails to carry it swiftly And it carried many people strange and foreign were these people And white were all their faces and with hair their chins were covered Then said Hiawatha I beheld a darker vision Many hundreds came behind them pushed their way across our prairies In our woodlands rang their axes in our valleys smoked their cities Our people were all scattered all forgetful of our councils Left their homelands going westward wild and woeful And the man with bearded faces the men with skin so fair With their barking sticks of thunder drove the remnants of our people Farther westward westward westward then wild wild and wilder Grew the West that once was ours|Country
johnnycash|Christmas as I Knew It|One day near Christmas when I was just a child Mama called us together and mama tried to smile She said you know the cotton crop hadn't been too good this year There's not a lot of spending money and well at least we're all here  I hope you won't expect a lot of Christmas presents Just be thankful that there is plenty to eat That'll make things a little more pleasant And us kids got to thinking how really blessed we were At least we were all healthy and most of all we had her  Roy cut down a pine oak tree and we drug it home Jack and me Daddy killed a squirrel and Louise made the bread Reba decorated the tree with popcorn strings before we went to bed Mama and daddy sacrificed because this Christmas was kind of lean After all there was the babies Tom and Joanne And babies need a few things  I whittled a whistle for my brother Jack And though we disagreed now and then When I gave Jack that whistle he knew I thought the world of him Mama made the girl's dresses out of flower sacks And when she ironed them down You couldn't tell that they hadn't come from town  A sharecropper family across the road didn't have it as good as us They didn't even have a light and it was way past dusk And mama said, "Well I bet they don't even have coal oil Let alone apples and oranges and such"  Me and Jack took a jar of coal oil nd some hickernuts we'd found We walked to the sharecropper's porch and set 'em down A poor old ragged lady eased open the door She picked up the coal oil and hickernuts and said "I sure do thank you" and quickly closed the door  We started back home me and Jack And about halfway we stopped looked back And in the sharecropper's window at last was a light So for one of the neighbors and for us it was a good Christmas night  Christmas came and Christmas went Christmas that year was heaven sent And my daddy put on his rubber boots And paced the floor waiting for the thaw Back home in Dyess Arkansas|Country
johnnycash|Silent Night|(Silent night holy night) Silent night holy night all is calm all is bright Round young virgin mother and child holy infant so tender and mild Sleep in heavenly peace sleep in heavenly peace Silent night holy night all is dark save the light See the eastern wise men bring gifts and homage to our King Christ the Saviour is born Jesus the Saviour is born Silent night (holy night) all is calm all is bright Poorest dreams from heaven afar heavenly host sing hallelujah (Christ the Savious is born Jesus the Saviour is born) Silent night holy night wonderous dark lend Thy light With the angels let us sing hallelujah hail the King Christ the Saviour is born Jesus the Saviour is born.|Country
johnnycash|The Little Drummer Boy|Come they told me Our newborn King to see Our finest gifts we bring To lay before the King  This is to honor Him When we come  Baby Jesus, I am a poor boy too I have no gift to bring That's fit to give a King  But may I play for You On my drum  The Mother Mary nodded The ox and lamb kept time I played my drum for Him I played my best for Him  Then He smiled at me Me and my drum|Country
johnnycash|The Road to Kaintuck|We're goin' west to Kaintuck down the road to Moccasin Gap  Down the wilderness road  The Dug Road the old Reedy Creek Road  The Road down Troublesome Road through Moccasin Gap   There was a time when goin' way out west meant goin' to Kaintuck  The dark and bloody ground as Indians called it  Indians wars were ragin' and men like Daniel Boone and Michael Stoner  Came down the wilderness road like countless families did  Through a place in south West Virginia called Big Moccasin Gap  It's a hot day in '73 and this is my wife and my kids with me  Daniel Boone lost his boy the other day young Jim Boone is dead twenty miles away  The wagons turn and went back home even Daniel couldn't make it alone  I guess prob'ly Daniel could but he stopped awhile in castle wood   (If you love your wife and love your baby man  Turn your wagons back as soon as you can  Ev'ry Injun in these hills has gone berserk you never gonna make it to Kaintuck)  Ah I bet I'm gonna make it to Kaintuck   We're goin' west to Kaintuck down the road to Moccasin Gap  Down the wilderness road  The Dug Road the old Reedy Creek Road  The Road down Troublesome Road through Moccasin Gap   The Dug Road the old Reedy Creek Road  The Road down Troublesome Road through Moccasin Gap|Country
johnnycash|The Shifting, Whispering Sands, Part I|I discovered the Valley of the Shifting, Whispering Sands While prospecting in a western state I saw the silent windmills, the crumbling water tanks The bones of the cattle picked clean by buzzards Bleached by the desert sun I stumbled over a crumbling buck board Nearly covered by the sand And stopping to rest I heard a tinkling, whispering sound And suddenly realized that even though the wind was quiet The sand did not lie still I seemed to be surrounded be a mystery So heavy and apperceive I could scarcely breath For weeks I wondered aimlessly in the valley Seeking answers to the many questions that raced through my mind Where was everyone? Why the white bones? The dry wells? The barren valley where people must have lived and died I sat down and buried my face in my hands And resting I learned the secret of the Shifting, Whispering Sands How I managed to escape from the valley I don't know But now to pay my debt for being saved I must tell you what I learned out on the desert So many years ago  When the day is oddly quiet And the breeze seems not to blow One would think the sun is resting But you'll find this is not so  It is whispering softly whispering As it slowly moves along And for those who stop and listen It will sing this mournful song  Of sidewinders and the horn toads On the thorny chaparral In the sunny days and moonlight lights The lonely coyotes yell  How the stars seem they can touch you As you lay and gaze on high At the heavens where your hoping You'll be going when you die|Country
johnnycash|The Ballad of Boot Hill|Here lies Lester Moore Four slugs from a 44 No Les no more  Out in Arizona just south of Tucson Where tumbleweeds tumble in search of a home There's a town they call Tombstone where the brave never cry They live by a sixgun by a sixgun they die  It's been a long time now since the town was a boom The jailhouse is empty so's the Palace Saloon Just one look will tell you that this town was real A secluded old dirt road leads up to Boot Hill  Walk up to the fence there and look at the view That's where they were hanging eighteen eighty two It's easy to see where the brave men have died Rope marks on the oak tree are now petrified  At night when the moon shines so far away It gets mighty lonesome lookin' down on their graves There lies Billy Clanton never wanted to kill But he's there with the guilty way up on Boot Hill (Boot Hill)|Country
johnnycash|Ringing the Bells for Jim|The father heard church bells at midnight A wrong time for church bells to chime He went to the tower, found a little girl there Said, "Why ring the bells at this time?"  "I'm just ringing the bells for Jim Please father, ringing the bells for Jim I'm sorry, I'm cryin' but my brother Jim's dyin' So, I'm ringing the bells for Jim"  Please father, pray for him this Christmas He's sick and he's in so much pain The doctors all say, he'll be gone any day So, I must ring the bells again  I'm just ringing the bells for Jim Please father, ringing the bells for Jim I'm sorry, I'm cryin' but my brother Jim's dyin' So, I'm ringing the bells for Jim  On the day after Christmas She brought him said, "Father, heed little Jim You see, he got well, when he heard the church bells I was ringing the bells for Jim"  "I'm just ringing the bells for Jim Please father, ringing the bells for Jim I'm sorry, I'm cryin' but my brother Jim's dyin' So, I'm ringing the bells for Jim"|Country
johnnycash|I Ride an Old Paint|I ride an old paint, I lead an old dan I'm goin' to Montana to throw the hoolihan They feed in the coulees, they water in the draw Their tails are all matted, their backs are all raw  Ride around little dogies, ride around them slow For the fiery and snuffy are rarin' to go  Old Bill Jones had a daughter and a son One went to college, the other went wrong His wife, she got killed in a poolroom fight But still he's a-singin' from mornin' till night  Ride around little dogies, ride around them slow For the fiery and snuffy are rarin' to go  When I die, take my saddle from the wall Place it on my old pony, lead him out of his stall Tie my bones to my saddle and turn our faces to the West And we'll ride the prairie we love the best  Ride around little dogies, ride around them slow For the fiery and snuffy are rarin' to go  I ride an old paint, I lead an old dan I'm goin' to Montana to throw the hoolihan They feed in the coulees, they water in the draw Their tails are all matted, and their backs are all raw  Ride around little dogies, ride around them slow For the fiery and snuffy are rarin' to go|Country
johnnycash|We Are the Shepherds|So here is the stable and there is the manger The new Saviour sleeps on His first earthly night The wise men brought riches but we brought a candle It's all that we have but it gives a good light  We are the shepherds we walked cross the mountains We left our flocks when the new star appeared Oh, the beautiful singin' of heavenly choir We had to come see Him, we had to come here  We beg You forgive us for such a small offering But our sheep are out there with wolves in the night We bring You this candle it's all we have with us But with it the new Saviour has His first light We are the shepherds  We thank Thee kind Joseph for bidding us enter Please take our gift for the new babe to thine 'Tis only one candle but it is our symbol Of how we believe that His great life will shine We are the shepherds|Country
johnnycash|Who Kept the Sheep|The shepherds afar left their flocks by night Followed the new star by its heavenly light Did the lambs fear the wolves Did they lay down and sleep  Who kept the sheep Who kept the sheep  Did robbers not steal or did they fear the light That the shepherds had followed night after night Did they not stray Did little lambs weep  Who kept the sheep Who kept the sheep  Under the new star, the new Saviour lay in his dim manger He lay on the hay The shepherds that came had a vigil to keep But who kept the sheep  Who kept the sheep Who kept the sheep Who kept the sheep|Country
johnnycash|Hardin Wouldn't Run|I know a man whose plow handle hand is quicker than a light Wes Hardin is his name they say he travels in the night For he might have to kill or walk around a fight  And if you ever saw Wes Hardin draw you know he can skin his gun He won't say how many tried and died Up against the top hand up against the wrong man cause Hardin' wouldn't run  He rode in like a Texas wind took the eastbound train Goin' goin' with Jane Bowen till the law men caught up So long Janie chin up I'll be back again  Off he went to Huntsville Prison so long Janie he cried Fifteen years she waited till her heart broke and she died And she left that bad land to wait up in the sky  Free at last the payin' past for all the wrong he did First free air they let him breathe since he was a kid So let him come and let him go and let him deal and bid  Near the border in El Paso Lawyer reads the sign You won't find him there for business every day at nine For business is real bad one client's all he's had in quite a long long time  Then sheriff Selman's boy broke in to Wes's woman's place Up she jumped and pistol whipped him kicked him in the face And John Selman demands revenge for this disgrace  You could see every night by candlelight in Hardin's favorite bar She'd be hanging on his arm and very late they'd leave there Headed for the Goose Hair glad it wasn't far  Right through the swinging doors John Selman came with a blazin' gun Wes Hardin chug-a-luggin' red eye got him in the back of the head John Wesley Hardin fell dead cos Hardin wouldn't run|Country
johnnycash|Mister Garfield|Mr. Garfield been shot down shot down shot down Mr. Garfield been shot down low Me and my brother was down close to the depot when I heard the report of a pistol My brother run out and come back in all excited And I said what was it and he said it was the report of a pistol and then he said Mr. Garfield been shot down shot down shot down Mr. Garfield been shot down low Lord I knew the President was supposed to be at the depot that day And we just would't believe that he's shot But we'd run over there and there was so many folks around That we couldn't see him but some lady was standin' there cryin' And I said m'am what was it that happened m'am and she said Mr. Garfield been shot down shot down shot down Mr. Garfield been shot down low Well everybody drifted off toward home finally And they looked like they felt about as bad as I did But in a few weeks I heard that the President was still alive And I told my brother I said let's get on that train and go to where he's laid up hurt Well when we got to his big house up there I asked the fellow I said who was it that did it who was it that shoot the President And he said it was Charlie Guiteau that shoot Mr. Garfield and I said Charlie Guiteau done shot down a good man good man Charlie Guiteau done shot down a good man low I heard some fellow there that had been in the house to see the President And I sidled up him to listen to what he was tellin' and he said Mrs Lucretia Garfield was always at his side In the heat of the day fannin' him when he was hot He said that just that day the President said to Mrs Lucretia He said Crete honey (he called her Crete) Said if somethin' worse happens to me after awhile you get yourself a good man And Mrs Lucretia said James (she called him James) She said I won't hear to that now she said I love you too much but he said You'll make some good man a good wife good wife You'll make some man a good good good wife (Don't pull in single harness all your life good gal Don't pull in single harness all your life) That's what he said don't pull in single harness all your life Well a few days later I come back to where the President was restin' And it seems everybody was cryin' The flag was hangin' halfway up to the flagpole in front of the house And everybody looked so sad and I asked a soldier boy there And I said is is is Mr. Garfield and he said yeah he's gone Gonna lay him in that cold lonesome ground down low Gonna lay him in that cold lonesome ground Well they laid the President by that long cold branch Mr. Garfield's been laid down low Mr. Garfield has been shot dow Mr. Garfield's been shot (Mr. Garfield been shot down shot down shot down Mr. Garfield been shot down low)|Country
johnnycash|Everybody Loves a Nut|Everybody loves a nut the whole world loves a weirdo Brains are in a rut but everybody loves a nut  There was a hermit named Fred who kept the dead horse in his cave And everyone said to Fred Fred how come you keep a dead horse in your cave and he said well  (Everybody loves a nut the whole world loves a weirdo) Brains are in a rut but everybody loves a nut  A columbia man named Frank had a tiger named Hank He tried to put Hank in his tank guess what happened to ol' Frank When they picked up the teets there and eyeballs And erected a tombstone that read  (Everybody loves a nut...)  Another Columbia fella told queen Isabella I don't think the world is flat and now what do you think about that And she said you don't and he said no ma'm And she said he'd get out of my queendom and he said yes ma'm  (Everybody loves a nut...) Everybody loves a nut...)|Country
johnnycash|The One on the Right Is on the Left|There once was a musical troupe  A pickin' singin' folk group They sang the mountain ballads  And the folk songs of our land  They were long on musical ability  Folks thought they would go far But political incompatibility led to their downfall  Well, the one on the right was on the left And the one in the middle was on the right And the one on the left was in the middle And the guy in the rear was a Methodist  This musical aggregation toured the entire nation Singing the traditional ballads  And the folk songs of our land They performed with great virtuosity  And soon they were the rage But political animosity prevailed upon the stage  Well, the one on the right was on the left And the one in the middle was on the right And the one on the left was in the middle And the guy in the rear burned his driver's license  Well the curtain had ascended  A hush fell on the crowd As thousands there were gathered to hear The folk songs of our land But they took their politics seriously  And that night at the concert hall As the audience watched deliriously  They had a free-for-all  Well, the one on the right was on the bottom And the one in the middle was on the top And the one on the left got a broken arm And the guy in the rear, said, "Oh dear"  Now this should be a lesson if you plan to start a folk group Don't go mixin' politics with the folk songs of our land Just work on harmony and diction  Play your banjo well And if you have political convictions keep them to yourself  Now, the one on the left works in a bank And the one in the middle drives a truck The one on the right's an all-night deejay And the guy in the rear got drafted|Country
johnnycash|Cup of Coffee|Man it sure is good to hear you singin' and yodelin' and pickin' again Jack Elliot I been drivin' haulin' load of grain all day long Got about three more hundred miles to go And well I just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Yeah I just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Don't you offer me none of that whiskey don't need no wine Gotta get that semi down the line Sure good to see you again Jack been a long time now How's Flo you still married to old Flo ain't you ha ha ha Well just coffee thank you thank you very much Whoa whoa well well it will cool it down a little bit what is it man D'you make it yourself I like to hear you yodel Just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend  Sound good on that man that's the best part right there hope we ain't wakin' up Flo Hey Flo old Flo she's a good 'un boy no I didn't mean nothin' I just you know I knew Flo a long time ago we went to school together you know Well I just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Yeah dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend In don't in the glass you gonna pour it in the glass whoa whoa whoa that's enough Man put ice in and it's gonna run over whoa whoa Man you got it all over the tablecloth makin' that stuff yourself If that's what makes you yodel it's good to me Just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Don't give me none of your liquor I don't want no wine Gotta get that semi down the line I gotta haul a load of grain Bout three hundred more miles I gotta get up and get out of here If I can just find my cat my hat get outa here cat darn cat No that's alright I can make it I can make it I can make it alright mama say I can make it leave me alone Whoa stepped right in her flowerbed oh she gonna raise cain tomorrow Where's my truck at cause I thought I had it cross the street Or on this side of the street alright you got an extra room She won't mind okay you sure now put the blanket down around my feet Get me up by six o'clock cause I don't want Flo catch me sleepin' in here Boy she can flat raise your nose ha ha just let my arms hang loose Warm as I can be I wants just to get me up about eight o'clock And I'll have a cup of coffee cause you know Flo too Yeah just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Jack yodel for me one more time fore I go to sleep  I sure like to hear you yodel Jack Elliot|Country
johnnycash|Johnny Reb|You fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb  Saw you a marchin' with Robert E Lee You held your head high tryin' to win the victory You fought for your folks but you didn't die in vain Even though you lost they speak highly of your name Cause you fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb  I heard your teeth chatter from the cold outside Saw the bullets open up the wounds in your side I saw the young boys as they began to fall You had tears in your eyes cause you couldn't help at all But you fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb  I saw General Lee raise a sabre in his hand Heard the cannons roar as you made your last stand You marched into battle with the Grey and the Red When the cannon smoke cleared it took days to count the dead Cause you fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb  When Honest Abe heard the news about your fall The folks thought he'd call a great victory ball But he asked the band to play the song Dixie For you Johnny Reb and all that you believed Cause you fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb (Yeah) You fought all the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb You fought all the way Johnny Reb You foughtall the way Johnny Reb Johnny Reb (Yeah) You fought all the way Johnny Reb|Country
johnnycash|The Bug That Tried to Crawl Around the World|Now you've heard of folks with a lot of ambition But I believe just about the biggest case of ambition I ever saw Was in a bug that I saw crawlin' along the beach one day He was a mighty ambitious bug On the beach one early mornin' as a day was newly dawnin' And the sun again was warmin' all the chill thru'out the land I saw me a bug a walkin' and at first I thought he was quakin' Then I found out he was talkin' while he crawled across the sand He was crawlin' mighty straight at a slow but a steady gait And when I asked him to wait he said oh come on crawl with me But I said where you goin' and he said you'll be knowin' For I'm gonna make a showin' and you'll someday see Well I stood there by the ocean I suddenly had the notion That I start this big promotion so this challenge I enfirled said the bug So I gave my wife a hug and I left my confy rug So I could be the only bug that ever crawled around the world Well he seemed mighty small and it was a long way to crawl And I'm sure he couldn't swim at all so I try to discourage my friend I said you know the world is round and there's mighty lotta ground And there some water to be found before you reach your journey's end And he said now don't you fret there's problems to be met But I'll make it you can bet and this deed will bring glory to my name You know they said man would never fly now he's soarin' in the sky Cause he had the will to try so let me win my fame So he crawled on out of sight as he sought that splendoured height Neither lookin' left nor right but slowly marchin' toward his goal And my knowin' he had started on his journey as we parted Kept me from feelin' too down hearted for he was a mighty ambitious soul Well I've looked everywhere I've been and seen a lotta bugs since then But not one quite like my little friend when I think of him I'm filled with pride Did he make it I don't know he was crawlin' mighty slow and he had a long way to go And all I can tell you folks is that he tried he sure was an ambitious bug|Country
johnnycash|A Letter From Home|A cowpoke rode in one hot dusty day to a store down in old San Antone He stood at the window and I heard him say do I have a letter from home The postmaster looked through the mail that had come Then smilingly shook his grey head The cowboke looked sadly a moment at him and these are the words that he said  No letter from home no letter from home there's never a letter from home (No message from mother and none from the other) there's never a letter from home  That night he was shot on the wrong side of town no more of those plains will he roam I reached for my Bible and gave it to him and said son here's your letter from home If only I had just a little more time to read it the young cowpoke said I can't take it with me and I must go on then he died with his letter unread  The letter from home the letter from home no time for the letter from home (The cowboy laid dead with his letter unread) too late for the letter from home|Country
johnnycash|Bury Me Not on the Lone Prairie|Lord, I've never lived where churches grow I loved creation better As it stood That day you finished it so long ago And looked upon your work and Called it good I know that others find you in the light That sifted down through Tinted window panes And yet I seem to feel you near tonight In this dim, quiet Starlight on the plains I thank you, Lord, that I'm placed so well That you've Made my freedom so complete That I'm no slave to whistle, clock or bell Nor weak Eyed prisoner of Waller Street Just let me live my life as I've begun And give Me work that's open to the sky Make me a partner of the wind and sun And I won't Ask a life that's soft or high Let me be easy on the man that's down Let me be Square and generous with all I'm careless sometimes, Lord, when I'm in town But Never let them say I'm mean or small Make me as big and open as the plains And Honest as the horse between my knees Clean as a wind that blows behind the rains Free as the hawk that circles down the breeze Forgive me, Lord, if sometimes I Forget You know about the reasons that are hid You understand the things that Gall or fret Well, you knew me better than my mother did Just keep an eye on all That's done or said And right me  Sometimes when I turn aside  And guide me on that long, dim trail ahead  That stretched upward toward the great divide  Oh, bury me not on the lone prairie  These words came low and mournfully  From the pallid lips of a youth who lay  On his dying bed at the close of day  Oh, bury me not and his voice failed there  But we took no heed to his dying prayer  In a shallow grave just six by three  We buried him there on the lone Prairie.|Country
johnnycash|Mean as Hell|The devil in hell we're told was chained a thousand years he there remained  He neither complain nor did he groan but was determined to start a hell of his own  Where he could torment the souls of men without being chained in a prison pen  So he asked the Lord if he had on hand anything left when he made this land  The Lord said yes there's a plenty of hand but if I left it down by the Rio Grande  The fact is ol' boy the stuff is so poor  I don't think you could use it as the hell anymore  But the devil went down to look at the truck  And said if he took it as a gift he was stuck  For after lookin' that over carefully and well he said this place is too dry for hell  But in order to get it off his hand the Lord promised the devil to water the land  So trade was closed and deed was given and the Lord went back to his home in heaven  And the devil said now I got all what's needed to make it good hell and he succeeded  He began by putting thorns all over the trees  He mixed up the sand with millions of fleas  He scattered tarantulas along the road put thorns on cactus and horns on toad  Lengthened the horns of the Texas steer put an addition to the rabbits ear  Put a little devil in the bronco steed and poisoned the feet of the centipede  The rattlesnake bites you the scorpion stings  The mosquito delights you with his buzzing wings  The sunburst are there and so the ants  And if you sit down you'll need have soles on your pants  The wild boar rooms on a black chaparral it's a hell of a place that he has for hell  The heat in the summers are hundred and ten too hot for the devil too hot for men  The red pepper grows upon the banks of the brook  The Mexican use it in all that he cook  Just dine it with one of 'em and you're bound to shout  I've hell on the inside as well as it out  My hands are calloused July to July I use a Big Dipper to navigate by  Fight off the wolves to drink from my well so I have to be mean as hell  A sheep herder came and put up the fence  I saw him one day but I ain't seen him since  But if you're needin' mutton we've got mutton to sell  We're cowpunchers and we're mean as hell  Neither me nor my pony's got a pedigree but he takes me where I'm wantin' to be  I'll ride him to death and when he is fell I'll get me another one mean as hell  I shot me a calf and I cut off her head  Cause the boys in the bunkhouse are waitin' to be fed  They rise in chime with the five thirty bell  And the best one of any of 'em is mean as hell|Country
johnnycash|The Singing Star's Queen|Twinkle twinkle little star who's the greatest star what are (Waylon)  Now Waylon is a singer a record sellin' star the ladies love him and his band Oh he sings like a bird and he plays a fine guitar But I doubt that he's a home lovin' man You oughta see his woman she's really a queen he buys her the finest of clothes For you talk about beauties like none you ain't seen When Waylon's gone she lets me know  When he's gone a singing I'm gone with his queen spreadin' his money around But if you'll look for me and I can't be seen you'll know that Waylon's back in town  When Waylon's gone a singing I'm wearin' his suit I smoke his imported cigars I like his woman wear out his boots I chauffeur his limousine cars When he's making money he has to stay gone but if you should hear that he's around Go buy his latest record or go see his show help me keep ol' Waylon out of town  When Waylon's out singing I'm gone with his queen...  Starkle starkle little twink Waylon's the greatest star I think Bring him to your town join his fan club the journal you get the journal every year A dollar is about all is costs don't you dare miss it come see Waylon|Country
johnnycash|Austin Prison|They had a warrant out for me all over the country And I was trying to beat the raps in Idaho I was breaking into a schoolhouse Sunday morning without warning When I saw the sheriff coming for me slow from down below  His steel grey eyes were blazing when he saw me His hand was on his gun when he rode up He said you killed that woman I know you shot her why'd you do it I'm taking you to Austin then I'm gonna lock you up  Well he tied me with a plow line the next morning And he had me deep in Texas the next day A crazy screaming lynch mob waited in the streets of Austin But he put me in the jailhouse and he threw the key away  A jury found me guilty three months later twelve evil men with murder in their eyes They even took me out and said now show us where you killed her And that wicked judge said now I here by sentence you to die But here I am far away from Austin prison my friend the jailer handed me a file Now all I want between me and there are a lot of friendly people And miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles|Country
johnnycash|25 Minutes to Go|Well they're building a gallows outside my cell I've got 25 minutes to go And the whole town's waitin' just to hear me yell I've got 24 minutes to go Well they gave me some beans for my last meal I've got 23 minutes to go But nobody asked me how I feel I've got 22 minutes to go Well I sent for the governor and the whole dern bunch With 21 minutes to go And I sent for the mayor but he's out to lunch I've got 20 more minutes to go Then the sheriff said boy I gonna watch you die Got 19 minutes to go So I laughed in his face and I spit in his eye Got 18 minutes to go  Now hear comes the preacher for to save my soul With 13 minutes to go And he's talking bout' burnin' but I'm so cold I've got 12 more minutes to go Now they're testin' the trap and it chills my spine With 11 more minutes to go And the trap and the rope aw they work just fine Got 10 more minutes to go Well I'm waitin' on the pardon that'll set me free With 9 more minutes to go But this is for real so forget about me Got 8 more minutes to go  With my feet on the trap and my head on the noose Got 5 more minutes to go Won't somebody come and cut me loose Got 4 more minutes to go I can see the mountains I can see the skies With 3 more minutes to go And it's to dern pretty for a man that don't wanna die I've got 2 more minutes to go I can see the buzzards I can hear the crows 1 more minute to go And now I'm swingin' and here I go-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o!|Country
johnnycash|Take Me Home|Well I've been from Boston to LA seen Boulder Dam and Frisco Bay I seen New York City and Washington Seen Montreal and Saskatchewan and Rhode Island And I've worked in three all night service stations and I drove a truck  Take me home my heart is heavy and my feet are sore Take me home I don't wanna roam no more  Well I slept all night in a water trough Had the flu and the croup and the whoopin' cough Had the mumps and the measles and the seven years itch And I can't count the times that I've had a cold and a sore throat Not to mention all the times that I cut my fingers on a sardine can  Take me home my heart is heavy...  Well I can just see 'em all now just a gatherin' round Mama's supper table when the sun goes down And my good old pappy when the blessing is said Fillin' up his plate with black eyed peas and all that stuff and side meat And a great big hunk of my dear sweet mama's hot buttered cornbread  Take me home my heart is heavy... Take me home my heart is heavy...|Country
johnnycash|The Blizzard|There's a blizzard comin' on and I'm wishin' I was home  For my pony's lame and he can't hardly stand  Lord my hands feel like their froze and there's a numb that's in my toes  But it's only seven miles to Maryanne  It's only seven miles to MaryAnne   You can bet we're on her mind for it's nearly suppertime  And I know that there's hot biscuits in the pan  Listen to that norther sigh if we don't get home we'll die  But it's only five more miles to Maryanne  It's only five more miles to MaryAnne   That wind's howlin' and it seems mighty like a women's scream  And we'd best be movin' faster, if we can  Dan, just think about that barn with that hay so soft and warm  It's only three more miles to Maryanne  It's only three more miles to MaryAnne   Come on Dan get up, you honory cuss or you'll be the death of us  I'm so weary but I'll help you, if I can  All right, Dan, perhaps it's best we'll just stop a while and rest  For it's still another mile to Maryanne  It's still another mile to MaryAnne   Late that night the storm was gone and they found him there at dawn  He'd made it but he couln't leave ol' Dan  Yes, they found him on the plains his hands frozen to the reigns  He was just a hundred yards from Maryanne  He was just a hundred yards from MaryAnne.|Country
johnnycash|Please Don't Play Red River Valley|Well I see you got yourself a brand new harmonica Mail ordered from the Steagal's catalogue Boy I hope you can learn to play it like Lonnie Glossom And while you added you to oughta learn a verse or two Of Red River Valley Oh My Darling Clementine or Salty Dog Oh but please don't play Red River Valley And how about Polly Wolly doodle all day and see You know the only song I ever learned to play on my 2 dollar and 98 cent harmonica That I got from Wayne Raney in Clint Texas C-L-I-N-T Clint Texas was Red River Valley Then she said farewell to my french harp and me  Well I see you're doin' pretty good on your new harmonica But don't you think you oughta learn about one more tune you know See you hold it like you's gonna eat a handful of popcorn And sometime you suck in and sometimes you blow But friend now please don't play Red River Valley And how about Polly Wolly doodle all day Like I said the only song I ever learnd On my 2 dollar and 98 cent harmonica that I got from Clint Texas From Wayne Raney in Clint Texas was Red River Valley Oh then she said farewell to my french harp and me|Country
johnnycash|Boa Constrictor|I'm getting swallowed by a Boa Constrictor By a Boa Constrictor by a Boa Constrictor I'm getting swallowed by a Boa Constrictor and I don't like snakes one bit What do you know he's swallowed my toe oh gee he's up to my knee Oh my he's up to my thigh oh yummy he's up to my tummy Oh fiddle he's up to my middle oh glum he's mashing my lungs Now look here snake I don't look good with this long tail on me It's all about I can say snake except give me a break snake My torso's cold and it's startin' to mould Boa Constrictor how much can you hold Oh yes he's up to my chest oh heck he's up to my neck Nearly all in he's up to my chin oh dread he's swallowed my...excuse me|Country
johnnycash|Joe Bean|Last time we were here at Folsom Prison they were hanging Joe Bean Is Joe still here...Joe Bean?  Hang the son of a bitch anyways, right?    Well, they're hanging Joe Bean this morning for killing a man in Arkansas Funny thing about it Joe Bean has never been to Arkansas On top of that, Joe Bean never heard of the man In fact, today is Joe Bean's twentieth birthday  See through the prison bars Joe Bean, see where the gallows stand Just twenty short years from the day you were born you died by the hangman's hand.    Yes, they're hanging Joe Bean this morning for a shooting that he never did He killed 20 men, by the time he was 10, he was an unruly kid.  Yes, they're hanging Joe Bean for the one shooting that Joe Bean never did.    Well, Joe - your mother is at the Capitol asking the governor for a stay And it's hard on her 'cause she knows where you were, on that particular day You were working Joe Bean, hard working, robbing the Santa Fe.  Well, the telegraph wires are humming Here, the governor's words come through He said, "I can't set you free, it's not up to me, but there's much, Joe Bean, I'll do I'll join your mother in extending Birthday greetings to you Happy Birthday, Joe Bean."|Country
johnnycash|Sweet Betsy From Pike|(Didli ai di ai didl didli ai di ai dei)  Oh, do you remember sweet Betsy from Pike She crossed the big mountains with her lover Ike With two yoke of oxen and a big yellow dog And a tall Shanghai rooster and one spottled hog.  Didli ai di ai didl didli ai di ai dei They soon reached the desert where Betsy gave out And down in the sand she lay rolling about While Ike in great tears looked on in surprise Saying Betsy get up you'll get sand in your eyes.  Didli ai di ai didl didli ai di ai dei Betsy got up in the great deal of pain She said she'd go back to Pike County again But I gave a sigh then he fondly embraced And he traveled along with his arm round her waist.  (How can sweet Betsy went out to the dance And Ike poor a fellow he's down at his pance) Betsy was dressed up in ribbons and rings Said Iken you're an angel but where are your wings.  Didli ai di ai didl didli ai di ai dei Well, the miner said Betsy will you dance with me She answere I will if you want make two free I can't dance too hard do you want to know why Because I'm so full of that strong out cooli.  Ike and sweet Betsy got married of course But Ike was so jealous he gotta divorce And Betsy well satidfied said with a shout Goodbye forever I'm glad you've backed out.  Didli ai di ai didl didli ai di ai dei...|Country
johnnycash|Green Grow the Lilacs|I used to have a sweetheart but now I've got none Since she's gone and left me, I care not for one Since she's gone and left me, contended I'll be For she loves another one better than me  Green grow the lilacs all sparklin' with you I'm lonely, my darling, since partin' with you And by the next meeting, I hope to prove true And change the green lilacs to the red white and blue  I passed my love's window both early and late The look that she gave me, made my heart ache The look that she gave me was harm for to see For she loves another one better than me  Green grow the lilacs all sparklin' with you I'm lonely, my darling, since partin' with you And by the next meeting, I hope to prove true And change the green lilacs to the red white and blue  I wrote my love a letter in rosy red lines She sent me an answer all twisted and twine Saying keep your love letters and I will keep mine Write to your sweetheart and I'll write to mine  Green grow the lilacs all sparklin' with you I'm lonely, my darling, since partin' with you And by the next meeting, I hope to prove true And change the green lilacs to the red white and blue|Country
johnnycash|As Long as the Grass Shall Grow|As long as the moon shall rise as long as the rivers flow  As long as the sun will shine as long as the grass shall grow  The Senecas are an Indian tribe of the Iroquios nation  Down on the New York Pennsylvania Line you'll find their reservation  After the US revolution cornplanter was a chief  He told the tribe these men they could trust that was his true belief  He went down to Independence Hall and there was a treaty signed  That promised peace with the USA and Indian rights combined  George Washington gave his signature the Government gave its hand  They said that now and forever more that this was Indian land  As long as the moon shall rise...  On the Seneca reservation there is much sadness now  Washington's treaty has been broken and there is no hope no how  Across the Allegheny River they're throwing up a dam  It will flood the Indian country a proud day for Uncle Sam  It has broke the ancient treaty with a politician's grin  It will drown the Indians graveyards cornplanter can you swim  The earth is mother to the the Senecas they're trampling sacred ground  Change the mint green earth to black mud flats as honor hobbles down  As long as the moon shall rise...  The Iroquios Indians used to rule from Canada way south  But no one fears the Indians now and smiles the liar's mouth  The Senecas hired an expert to figure another site  But the great good army engineers said that he had no right  Although he showed them another plan and showed them another way  They laughed in his face and said no deal Kinuza dam is here to stay  Congress turned the Indians down brushed off the Indians plea  So the Senecas have renamed the dam they call it Lake Perfidy  As long as the moon shall rise...  Washington Adams and Kennedy now hear their pledges ring  The treaties are safe we'll keep our word but what is that gurgling  It's the back water from Perfidy Lake it's rising all the time  Over the homes and over the fields and over the promises fine  No boats will sail on Lake Perfidy in winter it will fill  In summer it will be a swamp and all the fish will kill  But the Government of the USA has corrected George's vow  The father of our country must be wrong what's an Indian anyhow  As long as the moon shall rise (look up) as long as the rivers flow (are you thirsty)  As long as the sun will shine (my brother are you warm) as long as the grass shall grow|Country
johnnycash|Apache Tears|Hoof prints and foot prints, deep ruts the wagons made The victor and the loser came by here No head stones, but these bones bring the mascalero death moans See the smooth black nuggets by the thousands lying here Petrified, but justified are these apache tears  Dead grass, dry roots, hunger crying in the night Ghost of broken hearts and laws are here And who saw the young squaw, they judged by their whiskey law Tortured till she died of pain and fear Where the soldiers lay her back, are the black apache tears  The young men, the old men, the guilty and the innocent Bled red blood and chilled alike with fears The red men, the white men, no fight ever took this land So don't raise the dust when you pass here They're sleeping and in my keeping are these apache tears|Country
johnnycash|Custer|Now I will tell you buster that I ain't a fan of Custer  And the General he don't ride well anymore  To some he was a hero but to me his score was zero  And the General he don't ride well anymore  Now Custer done his fightin' without too much excitin'  And the General he don't ride well anymore  General Custer come in pumpin' when the men were out a huntin'  But the General he don't ride well anymore  With victories he was swimmin' he killed children dogs and women  But the General he don't ride well anymore  Crazy Horse sent out the call to Sitting Bull and Gall  And the General he don't ride well anymore  Now Custer split his men well he won't do that again  Cause the General he don't ride well anymore  Twelve thousand warriors waited they were unanticipated  And the General he don't ride well anymore  It's not called an Indian victory but a bloody massacre  And the General he don't ride well anymore  There might have been more enthusin' if us Indians had been losin'  But the General he don't ride well anymore  General George A.Custer oh his yellow hair had lustre  But the General he don't ride well anymore  For now the General's silent he got barbered violent  And the General he don't ride well anymore  Oh the General he don't ride well anymore|Country
johnnycash|The Talking Leaves|Sequoia's winters were sixteen silent tongue spirit clean  He walked at his father's side  Across the smoking battle ground where red and white men lay all around  So many here had died  The wind had scattered around snow white leaves upon the ground  Not leaves like leaves from trees  Sequoia said what can this be what's the strange thing here I see  From where come leaves like these  Sequoia turned to his father's eyes and he said father you're wise  From where come such snow white leaves  With such strange marks upon these squares  Not even the wise owl could put them there  So strange these snow white leaves  His father shielding his concern resenting the knowledge Sequoia yearned  Crumbled the snow white leaves  He said when I explain then it's done these are talking leaves my son  The white men's talking leaves  The white man takes a berry of black and red  And an eagle's feather from the eagle's bed  And he makes bird track marks  And the marks on the leaves they say carry messages to his brother far away  And his brother knows what's in his heart  They see these marks and they understand the truth in the heart of the far off man  The enemies can't hear them  Said Sequoia's father son they weave bad medicine on these talking leaves  Leave such things to them  Then Sequoia walking lightly followed his father quietly but so amazed was he  If the white man talks on leaves why not the Cherokee  Vanished from his father's face Sequoia went from place to place  But he could not forget  Year after year he worked on and on till finally he cut into stone  The Cherokee alphabet  Sequoia's hair by now was white his eyes began to lose their light  But he taught all who would believe  That the Indian's thoughts could be written down  Just as the white men's there on the ground and he left us these talking leaves|Country
johnnycash|The Ballad of Ira Hayes|Ira Hayes,  Ira Hayes  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Call him drunken Ira Hayes He won't answer anymore Not the whiskey drinkin' Indian  Nor the Marine that went to war  Gather round me people there's a story I would tell About a brave young Indian you should remember well From the land of the Pima Indian  A proud and noble band Who farmed the Phoenix valley in Arizona land  Down the ditches for a thousand years  The water grew Ira's peoples' crops 'Till the white man stole the water rights  And the sparklin' water stopped  Now Ira's folks were hungry  And their land grew crops of weeds When war came, Ira volunteered  And forgot the white man's greed  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Call him drunken Ira Hayes He won't answer anymore Not the whiskey drinkin' Indian  Nor the Marine that went to war  There they battled up Iwo Jima's hill,  Two hundred and fifty men But only twenty-seven lived to walk back down again  And when the fight was over  And when Old Glory raised Among the men who held it high  Was the Indian, Ira Hayes  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Call him drunken Ira Hayes He won't answer anymore Not the whiskey drinkin' Indian  Nor the Marine that went to war  Ira returned a hero  Celebrated through the land He was wined and speeched and honored; Everybody shook his hand  But he was just a Pima Indian No water, no crops, no chance At home nobody cared what Ira'd done  And when did the Indians dance  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Call him drunken Ira Hayes He won't answer anymore Not the whiskey drinkin' Indian  Nor the Marine that went to war  Then Ira started drinkin' hard; Jail was often his home They'd let him raise the flag and lower it like you'd throw a dog a bone!  He died drunk one mornin'  Alone in the land he fought to save Two inches of water in a lonely ditch  Was a grave for Ira Hayes  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Call him drunken Ira Hayes He won't answer anymore Not the whiskey drinkin' Indian  Nor the Marine that went to war  Yeah, call him drunken Ira Hayes  But his land is just as dry And his ghost is lyin' thirsty  In the ditch where Ira died|Country
johnnycash|Drums|From the Indian reservation to the governmental school  Well they're goin' to educate me to the white men's Golden Rule  And I'm learning very quickly for I've learned to be ashamed  And I come when they call Billy though I've got an Indian name  And there are drums beyond the mountain Indian drums that you can't hear  There are drums beyond the mountain and they're getting mighty near  And when they think that they'd changed me cut my hair to meet their needs  Will they think I'm white or Indian quarter blood or just half breed  Let me tell you Mr teacher when you say you'll make me right  In five hundred years of fighting not one Indian turned white  And there are drums...  Well you thought that I knew nothing when you brought me here to school  Just another empty Indian just America's first fool  But now I can tell you stories that are burnt and dried and old  But in the shadow of their telling walks the thunder proud and bold  And there are drums...  Long Pine and Sequoia Handsome Lake and Sitting Bull  There's Magnus Colorado with his sleeves so red and full  Crazy Horse the legend those who bit off Custer's soul  They are dead yet they are living with the great Geronimo  And there are drums...  Well you may teach me this land's hist'ry but we taught it to you first  We broke your hearts and bent your journeys broken treaties left us cursed  Even now you have to cheat us even though you this us tame  In our losing we found proudness in your winning you found shame  And there are drums...|Country
johnnycash|White Girl|I am stunned and I am broken and my head is in my hand  For she who said she love me will not wed an Indian man  My Gods who were wild ridden stand quiet by my side  For although I loved her she would not be my bride  Oh goodbye softly sweet one it was splended while it ran  Goodbye my bitter white girl I'll forget you if I can  She came up to the pueblo with her bright blonde hair  They told me not to love her but I did not care  She took me to her parties she carried me around  And I was a proud one the tallest man in town  For I found great wonder all wrapped in brilliant dreams  I held her strong but gentle as kings have held their queens  I learned to drink strong whiskey as she took me here and there  Until life without my whiskey I could not bear  Oh goodbye softly sweet one...   Well when she came to leave me she took me by the arm  And she said she loved me and would not do me harm  But she would not marry not an Indian she said  She thanked me for my offer and I wished that I was dead  Now I'm back among my people and they are kind to me  Although I'm sad with staggers when I drink that tough whiskey  For I've been a white girl's pet a captive Indian  Shown off and discarded just a drunk who might have been  Oh goodbye softly sweet one...  Goodbye softly sweet one...|Country
johnnycash|Stampede|We made camp along Red River Watched the cattle as they bedded down Back at the wagons, right after supper We spread our bedrolls on the ground And me and Willie, we took the night guard And the sage never smelled so sweet The prairie moon, was blazin' silver No chance tonight for a stampede  Way over yonder, off in the distance Towards the mountains there in the west Did I see lightnin', did I hear thunder My mind is weary, I could use some rest Then all at once, the wind shifts directions The clouds roll in behind the tumbleweeds These longhorn cattle, are gettin' restless God help us all, if they stampede  Smell the rain, hear the thunder The midnight sky, turns black as death The lightnin' crashes, smell the sulphur It's rank and strong, it's Satan's breath The cattle rise up, and go to runnin' I spur my pony on and take the lead And across the herd, I can hear Willie yellin' Hey Stampede!  Dust clouds rise, as the rain falls They mix together, turn the air to mud I feel the longhorns brush against me And I can feel the demons racin' through my blood Then all at once, my pony stumbles We hit the ground, I rise up to my knees In a flash of light, I can see the cattle comin' Lord I know I'm gonna die in this stampede  Then I awake, and I look around me I'm in my bedroll and I'm layin' on the ground Over there's the wagon, and there's the campfire I was only dreamin', but what's that sound? Then I feel the earth tremble underneath me As the midnight sky begins to bleed And from the blackness I can hear Willie yellin' Hey Stampede|Country
johnnycash|The Vanishing Race|Ii Ii ou Ii Ii Ii ou Ii Ii ou  Oh wagon trains rollin' along they fade from my visions and in time will be gone  I see an eagle in space my people will follow oh oh a vanishing race  Ii Ii ou Ii Ii Ii ou Ii Ii ou  An Indian brave rolled along one day on a lonely mountain trail  And he gazed below with a heart of woe where the prairie schooners sail  A vision formed like a mortal storm in the dust of the wagon train  A vanishing race appeared in space and he sang his sad refrain  Ii Ii ou Ii Ii Ii ou Ii Ii ou  Oh wagon trains rollin' along...  Oh now great spirits on high please spare them the sorrow you show to my eye oh oh  Now my blankets are roll and I ride to the valley of the brave Navajo oh oh  Ii Ii ou Ii Ii Ii ou Ii Ii ou  And I ride to the valley of the brave Navajo oh oh  Oh oh a vanishing Navajo oh the vanishing Navajo  Ii Ii ou Ii Ii Ii ou Ii Ii ou|Country
johnnycash|The Shifting, Whispering Sands, Part II|Listen to the angel's story of the Shifting, Whispering Sands  Yes they always whisper to me Of the days of long ago When the settler and the miner Fought the crafty Navajo  How the cattle roamed the valley Happy people worked the land Now everything is covered By The Shifting, Whispering Sands  A miner left his buck board Went to work his claim that day  And the burrows broke their halters When they thought he'd gone to stay  How they found that ancient miner Lying dead upon the sands And for months they could but wonder Did he die by human hands?  So they dug his grave and laid him On his back and crossed his hands And his secret still is covered By the Shifting, Whispering Sands  And his secret is still hidden By the Shifting, Whispering Sands  This is what they always whisper to me Out on the quiet desert air Of the people and the cattle And that miner lying there  So if you want to learn the secret Wander through this quiet land And I'm sure you'll hear the story Of the Shifting, Whispering Sands  And I'm sure you'll hear the story Of the Shifting, Whispering Sands|Country
johnnycash|Reflections|Never in this world before or nevermore hereafter Could a land know such a people as the pioneer the cowboy His clothes his conversation his unique brand of lingo All his devil deeds of daring his hat his bandana the dirty boots and ragged chaps But mainly that sixgun dangling so's his hand could get it quickly But draw your own conclusions lean to your own understandings Your beliefs and your convictions Disprove any fact recorded in these sounds and songs and legends But I ask you if you do be sure you've walked in many mocassins Over many many pathways and that you have listened carefully Really listened to the west wind and to everything it whispers And then go back and listen listen to this once more to these legends and traditions They're only one reflection of a tick of time of that time Just ponder on the things that happened As we gaze so very deeply in the time and place and persons Seeing now and then the West as it really was And to tell you of a little that we saw there And looking backward through a century There was the True West there was the Real True West Not demanding an argument but rather hoping you looked with us And saw it as we saw it And heard that west wind screaming shouting almost speaking Always whispering of these things we sang and spoke of And you'll hear perhaps the things the we said in the stories And the legends and traditions Through the wind that breeze these tales of the ones who never made it Yet fighting heat and mountains plains and valleys snow and hunger They went westward westward westward|Country
johnnycash|There You Go|You're gonna break another heart, you're gonna tell another lie Well here I am and there you go, you're gone again I know you're gonna be the way you've always been Breakin' hearts and tellin' lies is all you know Another guy gives you the eye and there you go There you go, you're gone again I should have known, I couldn't win There you go, you're by his side You're gonna break another heart, you're gonna tell another lie  Because I love you so I take much more than I should take I want you even though I know my heart is gonna break You build me up and for a while I'm all a-glow Then your fickle heart sees someone else and there you go Thre you go, you're gone again I should have known, I couldn't win There you go, you're by his side You're gonna break another heart, you're gonna tell another lie|Country
johnnycash|Wreck of the Old 97|Well they gave him his orders at Monroe, Virginia, Said: "Steve, you're way behind time, "This is not 38, this is Ol' 97, "Put her into Spencer on time."  Then he turned around and said to his black, greasy fireman, "Shovel on a little more coal. "And when we cross that White Oak mountain, "Watch Ol' '97 roll."  And then a telegram come from Washington station, This is how it read: "Oh that brave engineer that run ol 97,  "Is lyin in old Danville dead."  'Cos he was going down a grade making 90 miles an hour, The whistle broke into a scream. He was found in the wreck with his hand on the throttle, Scalded to death by the steam.  One more time!  Oh, now all you ladies you'd better take a warning, From this time on and learn. Never speak hard words to your true-lovin' husband. He may leave you and never return.  Poor Boy.|Country
johnnycash|Blue Train|There's an engine at the station and the whistle calls my name It's callin' callin' callin', 'Come and get aboard the train.' My baby's gone and I'm alone to live in misery I'm gonna call and make a reservation for me  Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train  I'm gonna climb aboard and ride until I learn to smile I'll be knockin' out the blues while I'm knockin' out the miles With my guitar, beat and rythm, to the click-clack of the wheels I'm gonna sing the blues 'cause that's the way that I feel  Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train  Conductor, go and tell the man to shovel on the coal--- It doesn't seem half as bad as long as I can roll Give me another ticket and I'll stay and ride with you There's nothing left to live for in this world we're rollin' through  Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train|Country
johnnycash|Tell Him I'm Gone|You, take this hammer, take it to the capt Hey, take this hammer, take it to the capt Take this hammer, take it to the capt You can tell him I'm gone, tell him I'm gone  'Cause I ain't gonna take no more kicks and whippings No, I ain't gonna take no kicks and whipping I ain't gonna take no more, no more this kicks and his whippings You can tell him I'm gone, gone, gone, you can tell him I'm gone  Captain call me a hard headed devil Well, the captain call me a hard headed devil Well, the captain call me, you hard headed devil And that ain't my name that ain't my name  Well, the Captain got a big gun, 'bout a ninety-nine caliber Captain got a big gun, 'bout a ninety-nine caliber Well the captain got a big gun, about a ninety-nine caliber He gonna shoot me down if he ever catches me, he gonna shoot me down  But you tell him that I went where the great goose goes Tell him that I'm gone where the great goose goes Tell him I'm gone where the great goose goes Tell him I'm gone, tell him I'm gone, just tell him I'm gone  Take this hammer, take it to the capt Take this hammer, take it to the capt Take this hammer|Country
johnnycash|Another Man Done Gone|Another man done gone (another man done gone)  Another man done gone another man done gone another man done gone  Another man done gone (another man done gone  Another man done gone another man done gone)  He had a long chain on (he had a long chain on  He had a long chain on he had a long chain on)  They hung him in a tree they hung him in a tree  They let his children see they let his children see  (When he was hangin' dead) when he was hangin' dead  The captain turn his head the captain turn his head  He's from the county farm (he's from the county farm  He's from the county farm he's from the county farm)  I didn't know his name (I didn't know his name  I didn't know his name I didn't know his name)  Another man done gone another man done gone another man done gone  Another man done gone (another man done gone  Another man done gone another man done gone)  Another man done gone another man done gone another man done gone|Country
johnnycash|Come in Stranger|She said come in stranger It's good to have you home I hurried thru 'cause I knew it was you When I saw your dog, waggin' his tail Honey, why didn't you let me know by mail You've been gone so long  She said come in stranger I know you're weary from all your miles Just sit right there in your easy chair And tell me all about the places you've been How long it'll be before you leave again I hope it's a long, long while  She said come in stranger Everything 'round home is fine I've watched and I've waited for you to get back And I missed you all the time  She said come in, stranger Oh how I need you when you're gone I walk the floor and I watch the door And when I lie awake and wonder where you can be I'd give anything to have you here with me I get so lonesome all alone  She said come in, stranger And won't you listen to my plea Stay long enough, so that the one I love Is not a stranger to me|Country
johnnycash|Busted|My bills are all due and the babies need shoes, But I'm Busted Cotton's gone down to a quarter a pound And I'm Busted  I got a cow that's gone dry  And a hen that won't lay A big stack of bills Getting bigger each day The county's gonna haul my belongings away, But I'm Busted  So I called on my brother to ask for a loan 'Cause I was Busted I hate to beg like a dog for a bone, But I'm Busted  My brother said, "there's not a thing I can do, My wife and my kids  Are all down with the flu And I was just thinkin' about callin' on you, 'Cause I'M Busted."  Lord, I ain't no thief, but a man can go wrong, When he's Busted The food that we canned last summer is gone, But I'm Busted  Now the fields are all bare And the cotton won't grow Me and my family's gotta pack up and go But I'll make a living, just where, I don't know 'Cause I'm Busted|Country
johnnycash|Train of Love|Train of love's a-comin', big black wheels a-hummin' People waitin' at the station, happy hearts are drummin' Trainman tell me maybe, ain't you got my baby Every so often everybody's baby gets the urge to roam But everybody's baby but mine's comin' home.  Now stop your whistle blowin', 'cause I got ways of knowin' Your bringin' other people's lovers, but my own keeps goin' Train of love's deceivin', when she's not gone she's leavin' Every so often everybody's baby gets the urge to roam But everybody's baby but mine's comin' home  Train of love's now hastin', sweethearts standin' waitin' Here and there and everywhere, there's going to be embracin' Trainman tell me maybe, ain't you got my baby Every so often everybody's baby gets the urge to roam But everybody's baby but mine's comin' home  Train of love's a-leavin', leavin' my heart grievin' But early or late, I sit and wait, because I'm still believin' We'll walk away together, though I may wait forever Every so often everybody's baby gets the urge to roam But everybody's baby but mine's comin' home|Country
johnnycash|The Man Comes Around|And I heard, as it were, the noise of thunder: one of the four beasts saying: "Come and see." And I saw. And behold, a white horse.  There's a man goin' 'round takin' names. And he decides who to free and who to blame. Everybody won't be treated all the same. There'll be a golden ladder reaching down. When the man comes around.  The hairs on your arm will stand up At the terror in each sip and in each sup. Will you partake of that last offered cup Or disappear into the potter's ground When the man comes around?  Hear the trumpets, hear the pipers. One hundred million angels singin'. Multitudes are marching to the big kettle drum. Voices callin', voices cryin'. Some are born and some are dyin'. It's Alpha and Omega's Kingdom come.  And the whirlwind is in the thorn tree. The virgins are all trimming their wicks. The whirlwind is in the thorn tree. It's hard for thee to kick against the pricks.  'Til Armageddon, no Shalam, no Shalom. Then the father hen will call his chickens home. The wise men will bow down before the throne. And at his feet they'll cast their golden crowns When the man comes around.  Whoever is unjust, let him be unjust still. Whoever is righteous, let him be righteous still. Whoever is filthy, let him be filthy still. Listen to the words long-written down, When the man comes around.  Hear the trumpets, hear the pipers. One hundred million angels singin'. Multitudes are marchin' to the big kettle drum. Voices callin', voices cryin'. Some are born and some are dyin'. It's Alpha and Omega's Kingdom come.  And the whirlwind is in the thorn tree. The virgins are all trimming their wicks. The whirlwind is in the thorn tree. It's hard for thee to kick against the pricks.  In measured hundredweight and penny pound When the man comes around.  And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts, and I looked and behold: a pale horse. And his name, that sat on him, was Death. And Hell followed with him.|Country
johnnycash|Hurt|I hurt myself today To see if I still feel I focus on the pain The only thing that's real The needle tears a hole The old familiar sting Try to kill it all away But I remember everything  What have I become My sweetest friend Everyone I know goes away In the end And you could have it all My empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt  I wear this crown of thorns Upon my liar's chair Full of broken thoughts I cannot repair Beneath the stains of time The feelings disappear You are someone else I am still right here  What have I become My sweetest friend Everyone I know goes away In the end And you could have it all My empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt  If I could start again A million miles away I would keep myself I would find a way|Country
johnnycash|Casey Jones|Come all you rounders if you wanna hear The story about a brave engineer Casey Jones was the roller's name On a 6-8-wheeler course he rode to fame Caller called Casey 'bout half past four He kissed his wife at the station door He climbed in the cabin with his orders in his hand Said "this is the trip to the Promised Land"  Casey Jones, climbed in the cabin Casey Jones, orders in his hand Casey Jones, leanin' out the window Takin' a trip to the Promised Land  Through South Memphis Yards on a fly Rain been a fallin' and the water was high Everybody knew by the engine's moan That the man at the throttle was Casey Jones  Well Jones said "Fireman now don't you fret" Sim Webb said "I ain't a givin' up yet" We're eight hours late with the southbound mail We'll be on time or we're leavin' the rails  Casey Jones, climbed in the cabin Casey Jones, orders in his hand Casey Jones, leanin' out the window Takin' a trip to the Promised Land  Dead on the rail was a passenger train Blood was a boilin' in Casey's brain Casey said "Hey, look out ahead, Sim, jump, Sim, jump, or we'll all be dead!"  With a hand on a whistle and a hand on a brake North Mississippi was wide awake IC railroad officials said "He's a good engineer to be a laying dead"  Casey Jones, climbed in the cabin Casey Jones, orders in his hand Casey Jones, leanin' out the window Takin' a trip to the Promised Land  Headaches and heartaches and all kind of pain Are all a part of the railroad train Sweat and toil, the good and the grand Are part of the life of a railroad man  Casey Jones, climbed in the cabin Casey Jones, orders in his hand Casey Jones, leanin' out the window Takin' a trip to the Promised Land|Country
johnnycash|Nine Pound Hammer|Well, this nine pound hammer is a little too heavy For my size, honey for my size I'm goin' on the mountain, gonna see my baby And I ain't comin' back, Lord I ain't comin' back  Oh, roll on buddy, don't you roll so slow How can I go when my wheels won't roll Roll on buddy, pull a load o'coal How can I go when my wheels won't roll  Well, it's a long way to Harlem, it's a long way to Hazard Just to get a little brew, just to get a little brew Now when I'm long gone you can make my tombstone Out of number nine coal, out of number nine coal  Roll on buddy, don't you roll so slow How can I go when my wheels won't roll Oh, roll on buddy, pull a load o'coal How can I go when my wheels won't roll|Country
johnnycash|Chain Gang|I was just a kid roamin' around Travelin' through, a little ol' town A man walked up and said come with me You're broke and son that's vagrancy  A carefree lad that love to roam But Lord I wish I'd stayed at home The way it looks I'll probably hang 'Cause there ain't no hope on a chain gang  I dig that ditch, I chop that corn I curse the day that I was born I believe it's better for a man to hang Than to work like a dog on a chain gang  The guard stands there with a great big gun I bet he'd love to see me run And I guess, I probably will some day I'd rather be dead than to live this way  He's well fed and he's six foot tall And he's a meanest of them all He cracks that whip and he swings that cane That sun must've touched his brain  I dig that ditch, I chop that corn I curse the day that I was born I believe it's better for a man to hang Than to work like a dog on a chain gang  I got a gal back home that's sweet and kind But she's been waitin' a long, long time I just told her to forget my name I won't ever live down the shame  Lord, deliver me from this hole Before I lose my mind and soul The flesh gets weak and the back gets broke There ain't no 'cause to laugh and joke  I dig that ditch, I chop that corn I curse the day that I was born I believe it's better for a man to hang Than to work like a dog on a chain gang  Work like a dog on a chain gang Work like a dog on a chain gang Work like a dog on a chain gang|Country
johnnycash|Waiting for a Train|All around the water tank waitin' for a train A thousand miles away from home sleeping in the rain I walked up to a brakeman just to give him a line of talk He said if you've got money I'll see that you don't walk Well I haven't got a nickel not a penny can I show He said get off you railroad bum and he slammed the boxcar door  Well he put me off in Texas a place I dearly love The wide open spaces all around me the moon and stars above Nobody seems to want me nor to lend me a helping hand I'm on my way from Frisco headin' back to Dixie Land My pocketbook is empty my heart is willed with pain I'm a thousand miles away from home just waitin' for a train|Country
johnnycash|Bridge Over Troubled Water|When you're weary, Feeling small, When tears are in your eyes, I will dry them all; I'm on your side.  Oh, when times get rough And friends just can't be found, Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down. Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down.  When you're down and out, When you're on the street, When evening falls so hard I will comfort you. I'll take your part.  When darkness comes And pain is all around, Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down. Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down.  Sail on, silvergirl, Sail on by. Your time has come to shine. All your dreams are on their way. See how they shine.  If you need a friend I'm sailing right behind. Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind. Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind.|Country
johnnycash|Roughneck|Born to be a roughneck I'll never amount to nothin' Pullin' case and layin' pipe Is hard labor  Well, I was born in a boomer shack 'Bout a half mile from town Papa was a driller on a wildcat crew And my mama never was around  I learn to cuss when I was two And fight when I was three And by the time I was five there was no kid alive Could ever get the best of me  Born to be a roughneck I'll never amount to nothin' Pullin' case and layin' pipe Is hard labor  Well, I started workin' like a regular man When I was just about knee high Skinning the knuckles with my two bare hands But they never heard me cry  I remember walkin' down the road And hearin' somebody say He was born to live a rougneck's life And he's never gonna change his ways  Born to be a roughneck I'll never amount to nothin' Pullin' case and layin' pipe Is hard labor  Born to be a roughneck I'll never amount to nothin' Pullin' case and layin' pipe Is hard labor|Country
johnnycash|Long-Legged Guitar-Pickin' Man|Well I'm gonna start out walkin'  Just you wait and see  Uh-huh guitar picker  You ain't leavin' without me   Oh you big mouth woman  You long legged guitar pickin' man  But we can work this out uh huh  Yes ma'm I think we can   Well I stole the Hope diamond  Hopin' I could shut your mouth  But how am I gonna wear it  If I got to hide it out   Well you big mouth woman  You long legged guitar pickin' man  But we can work this out uh huh  Yes ma'm I think we can   Well I bought you a first class ticket  For a luxury liner cruise  I got out in that ocean  looked around and there was you   Oh you big mouth woman  You long legged guitar pickin' man  But we can work this out uh huh  Yes ma'm I think we can   I bought you a big long limousine  But I don't want no car  I gave my love and everything  But you're still what you are   You're just a big mouth woman  You long legged guitar pickin' man  But we can work this out uh huh  Yes ma'm I think we can   Oh honey I love that big sweet mouth  You a long legged guitar pickin' man  Ha ha I'm gonna pick it for you  Now you a nice guitar pickin' man|Country
johnnycash|Shantytown|(I live down in Shantytown  Where chicken's twenty cents a pound)  And if you live on such solid ground  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown   Well I'm back on your side of the tracks  Have come back for me to take you back  Back to your high society  To your cocktails and your teas  I'll look up but don't look down  Cause we got pride in Shantytown   (I live down in Shantytown  Where chicken's twenty cents a pound)  And if you live on such solid ground  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown   Behind the walls of your shackled heart beats pure  While the rich have a love to endure  Well is the gold in your crown turning black  Is there something here in Shantytown that keeps you coming back   I live down in Shantytown  Where chicken's twenty cents a pound  And if you live on such solid ground  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown  Whatcha doin' down in Shantytown|Country
johnnycash|It Ain't Me Babe|Go away from my window Leave at your own chosen speed I'm not the one you want, babe I'm not the one you need You say you're lookin' for someone Who's never weak but always strong To protect you and defend you Whether you are right or wrong Someone to open each and every door  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe  Go lightly from the ledge, babe Go lightly on the ground I'm not the one you want, babe I'll only let you down You say you're lookin' for someone Who'll promise never to part Someone to close his eyes for you Someone to close his heart Someone to die for you and more  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe  You say you're lookin' for someone To pick you up each time you fall To gather flowers constantly And to come each time you call And will love you for your life And nothin' more  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe|Country
johnnycash|I Hung My Head|Early one morning With time to kill I borrowed Jebb's rifle And sat on the hill I saw a lone rider Crossing the plain I drew a bead on him To practise my aim  My brother's rifle Went off in my hand A shot rang out Across the land The horse, he kept running The rider was dead I hung my head I hung my head  I set off running To wake from the dream My brother's rifle Went into the sheen I kept on running Into the south lands That's where they found me My head in my hands  The sheriff he asked me Why had I run And then it came to me Just what I had done And all for no reason Just one piece of lead I hung my head I hung my head  Here in the court house The whole town was there I see the judge High up in his chair "Explain to the courtroom What went through your mind. And we'll ask the jury What verdict they find."  I felt the power Of death over life I orphaned his children I widowed his wife I begged their forgiveness I wish I was dead I hung my head I hung my head  I hung my head I hung my head  Early one morning With time to kill I see the gallows Upon a hill And out in the distance A trick of the brain I see a lone rider Crossing the plain  And he'd come to fetch me To see what they'd done And we'd ride together To Kingdom come I prayed for God's mercy For soon I'd be dead I hung my head I hung my head  I hung my head I hung my head|Country
johnnycash|Fast Boat to Sydney|Oh I am a cheat and I'm a liar  Oh but you're a lovin' ball of fire  I'll leave you like a bum without a penny  And while I'm home with the blues  I'll be hopin' like a kangaroo  When I get off of that fast boat to Sydney   I said listen to me babe  I gave up the lovin' trade  I'm tired of all this runnin' jumpin' playin'  But you're like it down under  The world with the Australian girls  And there's not a word of truth in what you're sayin'   Oh I am a cheat and I'm a liar  Oh but you're a lovin' ball of fire  I'll leave you like a bum without a penny  And while I'm home with the blues  I'll be hopin' like a kangaroo  When I get off of that fast boat to Sydney   This is my greatest act  I've come boom a rangin' back  Grinnin' like a Rudolf Valentino  But then you grab your travel load  Like a swingin' grimmin' dog  And hopped on that fast boat to Sydney   Cause I am a cheat and I'm a liar  Oh but you're a lovin' ball of fire  I'll leave you like a bum without a penny  And while I'm home with the blues  I'll be hopin' like a kangaroo  When I get off of that fast boat to Sydney|Country
johnnycash|Pack Up Your Sorrows|Oh but if somehow you could pack up your sorrows and give them all to me  You would lose them I know how to use them give them all to me   No use crying talking to a stranger naming the sorrows you see  Cause there's too many bad times too many sad times  And nobody knows what you mean   Oh but if somehow you could pack up your sorrows and give them all to me  You would lose them I know how to use them give them all to me   No use rambling walkin' in the shadows trailin' a wandering star  No one beside you no one to guide you and nobody knows where you are   Oh but if somehow you could pack up your sorrows and give them all to me  You would lose them I know how to use them give them all to me   No use roaming walking by that roadside seeking a satisfied mind  There's too many highways too many byways and nobody walking behind   Oh but if somehow you could pack up your sorrows and give them all to me  You would lose them I know how to use them give them all to me  You would lose them I know how to use them give them all to me|Country
johnnycash|I Got a Woman|I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah Well she's my baby when I'm in need oh she's a real too friend indeed I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah I save my loving early in the morning just for you oh yeah I save my loving early in the morning just for you oh yeah You're my big man don't you understand And I love you you're my loving big big man I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah  He's there to love me both day and night Never grumbles and fusses just treats me right Never walking in the streets leave me alone She knows the woman places right there out in our home I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah I got a woman way cross town good to me oh yeah  Well she's my baby don't you understand and I'm her loving man I got a woman way cross town she's good to me oh yeah Got me a big man way cross town he's good to me oh yeah Got me a big man way cross town he's good to me oh yeah He's my baby don't you understand he's my loving big big man I got a woman way across town she's good to me oh yeah|Country
johnnycash|Jackson|We got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper sprout, We've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went out. I'm goin' to Jackson, I'm gonna mess around, Yeah, I'm goin' to Jackson, Look out Jackson town.  Well, go on down to Jackson; go ahead and wreck your health. Go play your hand you big-talkin' man, make a big fool of yourself, You're goin' to Jackson; go comb your hair! Honey, I'm gonna snowball Jackson. See if I care.  When I breeze into that city, people gonna stoop and bow. (Hah!) All them women gonna make me, teach 'em what they don't know how, I'm goin' to Jackson, you turn-a loose-a my coat. 'Cos I'm goin' to Jackson. "Goodbye," that's all she wrote.  But they'll laugh at you in Jackson, and I'll be dancin' on a Pony Keg. They'll lead you 'round town like a scalded hound, With your tail tucked between your legs, You're goin' to Jackson, you big-talkin' man. And I'll be waitin' in Jackson, behind my Jaypan Fan,  Well now, we got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper Sprout, We've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went out. I'm goin' to Jackson, and that's a fact. Yeah, we're goin' to Jackson, ain't never comin' back.  Well, we got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper sprout' And we've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went...  <i>[To Fade]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Oh, What a Good Thing We Had|Sunshine and showers and everything comin' up daisies  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had  Driveins and picnics end every day was Saturday  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had   The whole wide world was jealous we wouldn't hear a thing they'd tell us  Never did need any money everything was milk and honey  Oh long walks by the river talkin' bout living together  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had   Long weeks of waitin' and livin' for the day we marry  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had  Happiness and laughter we found everything we were after  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had   The whole wide world was jealous we wouldn't hear a thing they'd tell us  Never did need any money everything was milk and honey  Oh long walks by the river talkin' bout living together  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had  Oh what a good thing we had gone bad oh what a good thing we had|Country
johnnycash|You'll Be All Right|Well I see you've lost your honey bee  I know how you must be feeling now  You feel sad sad but boy it ain't that bad  You cry just a little bit and die just a little bit  And then you'll be all right   Well you know it wasn't long ago  Your honey bee was queen of my bee tree  But then away she flew and took my honey to you  You cry just a little bit and die just a little bit  And then you'll be all right   I pity you  I know what you're going through  You watched your queen bee fly  Your honeycomb went dry  But if you keep pushin' on  You won't care if she's gone   You cry just a little bit and die just a little bit  And then you'll be all right  You cry just a little bit and die just a little bit  And then you'll be all right|Country
johnnycash|First Time Ever I Saw Your Face|The first time ever I saw your face, I thought the sun rose in your eyes. And the moon and stars were the gifts you gave, To the dark and the endless sky, my love.  And the first time ever I kissed your mouth, I felt the earth move through my hands. Like the trembling heart of a captive bird That was there at my command.  And the first time ever I lay with you, I felt your heart so close to mine. And I know our joy would fill the earth, And last 'til the end of time, my love.  The first time ever I saw your face.|Country
johnnycash|Personal Jesus|Your own personal Jesus Someone to hear your prayers, Someone who cares  Your own personal Jesus Someone to hear your prayers, Someone who's there  Feeling unknown And you're all alone, Flesh and bone, By the telephone, Lift up the receiver, I'll make you a believer  Take second best, Put me to the test, Things on your chest, You need to confess, I will deliver, You know I'm a forgiver  Reach out and touch faith Reach out and touch faith  Your own personal Jesus Someone to hear your prayers, Someone who cares  Your own personal Jesus Someone to hear your prayers, Someone to care  Feeling unknown And you're all alone, Flesh and bone, By the telephone, Lift up the receiver, I'll make you a believer I will deliver, You know I'm a forgiver  Reach out and touch faith Reach out and touch faith Reach out and touch faith  Reach out and touch faith|Country
johnnycash|In My Life|There are places I'll remember All my life though some have changed Some forever not for better Some have gone and some remain  All these places have their moments With lovers and friends I still can recall Some are dead and some are living In my life I've loved them all  But of all these friends and lovers There is no one compares with you And these memories lose their meaning When I think of love as something new  Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I love you more  Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I love you more In my life I love you more|Country
johnnycash|No, No, No|I'm a poor boy from the farm land  Your father is a wealthy sailing man  If I asked you for your hand  Would you tell me no oh no no no   You're a poor boy from the farm land  My daddy is a wealthy sailing man  He told me if you asked my hand  I'd better tell you no oh no no no   Your daddy brings you silk to sew  From the finest shop in Tokyo  He told you to turn me down I know  But don't say no oh no no no   Yes daddy owns a clipper ship  And he brings me pearls on every trip  And pink champagne for me to sip  And you're the poorest boy I know oh so no no no   I can't give you anything  I can't afford a wedding ring  A present that I'd like to bring  But oh I love you so oh don't say no   My daddy's three days out to sea  And he would turn me across his knee  If he knew you were kissin' me  But I can't let you go oh no no no oh no no no|Country
johnnycash|What'd I Say|Come on honey don't you treat me wrong Come and love your daddy all night long Hey hey all right hey hey baby what'd I say See that girl with a diamond ring I know where she got that thing Hey hey all right hey hey baby what'd I say  Oh yeah honey you're so fine baby you're so fine Honey you're so fine honey you're so fine Oh you're so fine hey hey all right hey hey baby what's I say See the gal with the rich dress on she can do that all night long  Hey hey all right hey hey baby what'd I say When you see me in misery come on baby and stand by me Hey hey all right hey hey baby what'd I say Baby what'd I say right now what'd I say right now honey you're so fine|Country
johnnycash|The Wind Changes|It's not that I don't love you anymore It's not that I don't want to It's just that there's a line I have to darw, You've gotta cross it, don't you It would take so little You know I long to stay  Not until the wind changes Not until my heart erases Ever single memory of you  It's not that you can't hurt me anymore It's not that you don't want to It's just that there's a door I have to close You've gotta lock it, dont you There is darkness in our lives We can't see the light  Not until the wind changes Not until my heart erases Ever single memory of you  I don't want to lose what we never had I don't want the dream of living in the past If you've gotta leave I don't want to know I never saw you coming I don't want to watch you go  Not until the wind changes Not until my heart erases Ever single memory of you Might as we be history Every single memory of you  Not until the wind changes Ooh Every single memory of you Not until the wind changes|Country
johnnycash|I Just Thought You'd Like to Know|I just thought you'd like to know Since you'd made your plans to go It's gonna hurt me so to see you go But I hope you find another love and he'll be good to you But still and yet I can't forget the things we used to do  I just thought I tell you this I love you since that first sweet kiss It's gonna hurt to miss your tender kiss But I hope you get to do the things you say you wanna do But still and yet I can't forget the happiness we knew  I just thought you'd like to know how much you've hurt my pride I just thought you'd like to know how much my heart has cried over you But darling you could never see the misery you caused for me So I will tell you so cause I just thought that you'd like to know|Country
johnnycash|You Tell Me|Tell me why she left me I'll tell you why I cried Tell you why I stayed around tell me why she lied I'll tell why my heart's broken tell me why she said goodbye Tell me why she left me I'll tell you why I cried You tell me then I'll tell you I'll tell you why I loved her tell me why she said goodbye Tell me why she left me I'll tell you why I cried  Tell me why I'm lonely I'll tell you why I'm alone Tell you why I stayed around tell me why she's gone I'll tell why my heart's broken tell me why she was untrue Tell me why she left me and I'll tell you why I'm blue You tell me then I'll tell you|Country
johnnycash|Desperado|Desperado, why don't you come to your senses? You been out ridin' fences for so long now. Oh, you're a hard one, But I know that you've got your reasons. These things, that are pleasin' you, Can hurt you somehow.  Don't you draw the queen of diamonds, boy, She'll beat you if she's able. Know the queen of hearts is always your best bet. Now it seems to me, some fine things, Have been laid upon your table. But you only want the things that you can't get.  Desperado, oh, you ain't gettin' no younger: Your pain and your hunger, they're drivin' you home. And freedom, oh, freedom, Well, that's just some people talkin' Your prison is walking Through this world all alone.  And don't your feet get cold in the winter time? The sky won't snow, the sun won't shine It's hard to tell the night time from the day You're losin' all your highs and lows Ain't it funny how the feeling goes away?  Desperado, why don't you come to your senses? Come down from your fences and open the gate It may be rainin', but there's a rainbow above you, You better let somebody love you, You better let somebody love you, You better let somebody love you, Before it's too late.|Country
johnnycash|Just About Time|(Just about time I'm feelin' blue tryin' to get over you) Maybe it's just about time I told you I'm all through with you But just about the time I start to tell you I start feeling blue And just about then I lose my nerve and wait another day or two Cause just about the time I think it's over I start missing you (Hardest thing I'll ever do tryin' to get over you) It's just about time I had my sayin' I told you a thing or two It's just about time I paid you back you treat me like you do But just about the time I get the nerve I can't seem to carry through Cause just about then an mpty feelin' reminds me I miss you (Like to find somebody new I could just get you)  (Just don't know what I go through tryin' to get over you) It's just about time I let you know I've had my fill of you But just about the time I think about goin' I start missin' you I'd like to go find another love that'll never be untrue But just about the time I think about leavin' I start missin' you (Havin' a hard time feelin' blue tryin' to get over you)|Country
johnnycash|I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry|Hear that lonesome whippoorwill? He sounds too blue to fly. The midnight train is whining low. I'm so lonesome I could cry.  I've never seen a night so long, When time goes crawling by. The moon just went behind a cloud To hide its face and cry.  Did you ever see a robin weep, When leaves begin to die? That means he's lost the will to live. I'm so lonesome I could cry.  The silence of a falling star Lights up a purple sky. And as I wonder where you are, I'm so lonesome I could cry. I'm so lonesome I could cry.|Country
johnnycash|Tear Stained Letter|I'm gonna write a tear-stained letter, I'm gonna mail it straight to you. I'm gonna bring back to your mind, What you said about always bein' true.  About our secret hidin' places; Bein' daily satisfied. I can see you sittin' and readin' it, While you hang you head and cry. I just hope you're not so sad, 'Cause you're gonna go down suicide.  I'm gonna write a tear-stained letter: Put it special delivery. 'Cause it's gonna be full of stuff, That's only known to you and me.  'Bout how every time I get turned on, You turn me off and bring me down. It'll be about the darkest news, That ever did arrive in your hometown. It'll be about the saddest thing, Your mailman ever did bring around.  I'm gonna write a tear-stained letter, I'm gonna tell you one more time That you still could reconsider, And come back to bein' mine.  And if you think about what I'm sayin', It'd be hard to refuse. Just be sure you think a long time On the answer that you choose. It will be a most important piece Of personal private news.  I'm gonna write a tear-stained letter: Mark it "Personal Private News." And I hope you'll keep it to yourself, And don't go 'round cryin' the blues.  Givin' off a bad impression As to what went really wrong. When what it was was that suddenly, The music was all gone. And this man and woman got cut off, In the middle of our song.  I'm gonna write a tear-stained letter: I'm gonna put it to a tune. So I'll be sendin' with it A sweet melody for you.  And not some red-hot, upbeat zinger, That'll set your body on fire. But a hunk of love included, Meant to take you a little higher. And to settle on your sweet, sweet mind, At night when you retire.|Country
johnnycash|I Forgot to Remember to Forget|I forgot to remember to forget her I can't seem to get her off my mind I thought I'd never miss her but I found out somehow I think about her almost all the time  The day she went away I made myself a promise That I'd soon forget we'd ever met But something sure is wrong Cause I'm so blue and lonely I forgot to remember to forget  The day she went away I made myself a promise That I'd soon forget we'd ever met But something sure is wrong Cause I'm so blue and lonely I forgot to remember to forget|Country
johnnycash|Katy Too|I'm not the going steady kind I miss 'em all, all the time I told Annie I'd be true But I still think about Katy too  Katy too, Katy too I still think about Katy too  If you should see miss Mary-Ann Just tell her I'm her loving man Give my love to Jane and Sue But don't forget ol' Katy too  Katy too, Katy too Don't forget ol' Katy too  I like Sadie's chicken stew And Suzie's good at stitchin' wool I like Mary's barbecue But I still like ol' Katy too  Katy too, Katy too I still like ol' Katy too  Now, girls I'm not the flirty kind But I just can't make up my mind I'd like to marry all of you But I still miss ol' Katy too  Katy too, Katy too I still miss ol' Katy too  To all the girls I make this toast I love you eveyone the most But don't ask me to say "I do" 'Cause I still miss ol' Katy too  Katy too, Katy too I still miss ol' Katy too  Cupid you bet you been good to me I got more girls than I can see But if you give me all but two Then let's squeeze in ol' Katy too  Katy too, Katy too Let's squeeze in ol' Katy too|Country
johnnycash|Thanks a Lot|You're tellin' everyone in town that I don't treat you right You even say I stay away and don't come home at night I'm losing you and you are all I've got thanks a lot thanks a lot  It seems you like to hurt me and you know I'm good to you I'd give you anything I own do anything you want me to Yeah now you really got me on the spot thanks a lot thanks a lot  Still I would forgive you if you'd let me I'd be glad if we could try again But it seems that you're just out to get me And it looks as if you're just about to win No matter what you do I'll always do love you And you will never know how it hurts to see you go And you're callin' me those things you know I'm not thanks a lot thanks a lot  No matter what you do I always do love you And you will never know how it hurts to see you go You say I'm happy but you know I'm not thanks a lot thanks a lot thanks a lot|Country
johnnycash|We'll Meet Again|We'll meet again Don't know where Don't know when But I know We'll meet again Some sunny day  Keep smilin' through Just like you Always do 'Til the blue skies drive The dark clouds Far away  And will you please say "Hello" to the folks that I know Tell 'em that I won't be long And they'll be happy to know That as you saw me go I was singing this song  We'll meet again Don't know where Don't know when But I know We'll meet again Some sunny day  Yeah we'll meet again I don't know where I don't know when But I do know That we'll meet again Some sunny day  So, honey Keep on smilin' through Just like you always do 'Til the blue skies Drive the dark clouds Far away  And would you please say "Hello" To all the folks that I know And tell 'em I won't be long They'll be happy to know That as you saw me go I was singing this song  We'll meet again Don't know where Don't know when But I know We'll meet again Some sunny day|Country
johnnycash|Luther Played the Boogie|We were just a plain ol' hillbilly band with a plain ol' country style We never played the kind of songs that'd drive anybody wild Played a railroad song with a stomping beat We played a blues song, kinda slow and sweet But the thing that knocked them off of their feet was, ooh-wee When Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie woogie Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie woogie Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie woogie Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie in the strangest kind of way Play it strange!  Well, we did our best to entertain everywhere we'd go We'd nearly wear our fingers off to give the folks a show Played jumping jive to make 'em get in the groove We played sad songs, real slow and smooth But the only thing that'd make 'em move was, ooh-wee When Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie woogie Luther played the boogie woogie, Luther played the boogie woogie Luther played the boogie  Now, did Luther play the boogie strange?|Country
johnnycash|Guess Things Happen That Way|Well you ask me if I'll forget my baby. I guess I will, someday. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way. You ask me if I'll get along. I guess I will, someway. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way.  God gave me that girl to lean on,  then he put me on my own. Heaven help me be a man and have the strength to stand alone. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way.  You ask me if I'll miss her kisses. I guess I will, everyday. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way. You ask me if I'll find another. I don't know. I can't say. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way.  God gave me that girl to lean on, then he put me on my own. Heaven help me be a man and have the strength to stand alone. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way.|Country
johnnycash|You Win Again|The news is out all over town That you've been seen out runnin' around I know that I should leave, but then I just can't go, You win again  This heart of mine could never see What everybody knows but me Just trusting in you was my great sin What can I do? You Win Again  Yes this heart of mine could never see What everybody knows but me Just trusting you was my great sin What can I do? You Win Again|Country
johnnycash|All Over Again|Every time I look at you I fall in love, All over again Every time I think of you it all begins, All over again  One little dream at night and I can dream all day It only takes a memory to thrill me One little kiss from you and I just fly away Pour me out your love until you fill me  I want to fall in love beginning from the start, All over again Show me how you stole away my heart, All over again  One little dream at night and I can dream all day It only takes a memory to thrill me One little kiss from you and I just fly away Pour me out your love until you fill me  I want to fall in love beginning from the start, All over again Show me how you stole away my heart, All over again  All over again, All over again, All over again|Country
johnnycash|Hey, Good Lookin'|Hey hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me Hey hey sweet baby don't you think maybe we could find us a brand new recepie I got a hot rod Ford and a two dollar bill and I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancin's free if you wanna have fun come along with me Hey hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me  I'm free and ready so we can go steady how's about savin' all your time for me No more lookin' I know I've been tooken how's about keepin' steady company I'm gonna throw my datebook over the fence find me one for five or ten cents Keep it till it's covered with age cause I'm writin' your name down on every page Say hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me|Country
johnnycash|I Could Never Be Ashamed of You|Everybody says you let me down I should be ashamed to take you round Makes no difference what you used to do darling I could never be ashamed of you  Maybe you were reckless yesterday but together we can find a brighter way In my heart I know that you'll come true darling I could never be ashamed of you  All the happiness I've ever known came the day you said you'd be my own And it matters not what we go through darling I could never be ashamed of you  Maybe you've been cheated in the past and perhaps those memories will always last Even though you prove to be untrue darling I could never be ashamed of you|Country
johnnycash|Sugartime|Well now sugar in the morning sugar in the evening sugar at suppertime Be my little sugar and love me all the time Honey in the morning honey in the evening honey at suppertime Be my little honey and love me all the time  Put your arms around me swear by stars above You'll be mine forever in the heaven of love Sugar in the morning sugar in the evening sugar at suppertime Be my little sugar and love me all the time  Now sugar time is anytime that you're near oh you're so dear Now don't you roam just be my honeycomb and live in a heaven of love  Well sugar in the morning...|Country
johnnycash|Down the Street to 301|There's a boy across the street lately he's looked very neat Seems he's always on the run down the street to 301 (Seems he's always on the run down the street to 301)  Saturday he mows the lawn it's about a crack of dawn Nine o'clock the work's all done down the street to 301 (Nine o'clock the work's all done down the street to 301)  When it's back to school this fall winter's chill may end it all But for now there's lots of fun with the girl at 301 (But for now there's lots of fun with the girl at 301)  Maybe they will never wed sure they may break up instead But for now she is the one the girl who lives at 301 (But for now she is the one the girl who lives at 301)  The boy who lives across the street has a reason to be neat He's in love and on the run with the girl at 301 (He's in love and on the run with the girl at 301)  Don't you tell 'em to beware of a summer love affair You know she is only one the girl that live at 301 (You know she is only one the girl that live at 301)|Country
johnnycash|Five Feet High and Rising|My mama always taught me that good things come from adversity if we put our faith in the Lord. We couldn't see much good in the flood waters when they  were causing us to have to leave home,  But when the water went down, we found that it had washed a load of rich black bottom dirt across our land. The following year we had the best cotton crop we'd ever had.  I remember hearing:   How high's the water, mama? Two feet high and risin' How high's the water, papa?  Two feet high and risin'  We can make it to the road in a homemade boat That's the only thing we got left that'll float It's already over all the wheat and the oats,  Two feet high and risin'  How high's the water, mama?  Three feet high and risin' How high's the water, papa?  Three feet high and risin'  Well, the hives are gone,  I've lost my bees The chickens are sleepin' In the willow trees Cow's in water up past her knees,  Three feet high and risin'  How high's the water, mama?  Four feet high and risin' How high's the water, papa?  Four feet high and risin'  Hey, come look through the window pane, The bus is comin', gonna take us to the train Looks like we'll be blessed with a little more rain,  4 feet high and risin'  How high's the water, mama?  Five feet high and risin' How high's the water, papa?  Five feet high and risin'  Well, the rails are washed out north of town We gotta head for higher ground We can't come back till the water comes down,  Five feet high and risin'  Well, it's five feet high and risin'|Country
johnnycash|The Rebel - Johnny Yuma|Johnny Yuma was a rebel He roamed through the west Did Johnny Yuma, the rebel He wandered alone  He got fightin' mad This rebel lad He packed no star As he wandered far Where the only law Was a hook and a draw The rebel, Johnny Yuma  <i>[Repeat 1st verse]</i>  He searched the land This restless lad He was panther quick And leather tough If he figured that He'd been pushed enough The rebel, Johnny Yuma  <i>[Repeat 1st verse]</i>  Fightin' mad This rebel lad With a dream he'd hold 'Til his dyin' breath He'd search his soul And gamble with death The rebel, Johnny Yuma|Country
johnnycash|Tennessee Flat Top Box|In a little cabaret in a South Texas border town, Sat a boy and his guitar, and the people came from all around.  And all the girls from there to Austin, Were slippin' away from home and puttin' jewelery in hock. To take the trip, to go and listen, To the little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box.   And he would play: <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Well, he couldn't ride or wrangle, and he never cared to make a dime. But give him his guitar, and he'd be happy all the time. And all the girls from nine to ninety, Were snapping fingers, tapping toes, and begging him: "Don't stop." And hypnotized and fascinated, By the little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box.  And he would play: <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Then one day he was gone, and no one ever saw him 'round, He'd vanished like the breeze, they forgot him in the little town. But all the girls still dreamed about him.  And hung around the cabaret until the doors were locked. And then one day on the Hit Parade, Was a little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box.  And he would play: <i>[Instrumental]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Life Goes On|My baby left me just the other day I guess the things will never be the same But I must forget that she is gone Cause time goes by and life goes on  Making plans, shaking hands Try to prove that I'm a man It's hard to do but I must try Cause life goes on and so will I  It's been kinda tough these last few days Trying to act normal and be gay It's not easy to be all alone But time goes by and life goes on  If I see her anywhere I hope she thinks that I don't care For after night there comes the dawn Yes time goes by and life goes on|Country
johnnycash|Ring of Fire|Love is a burning thing And it makes a fiery ring Bound by wild desire I fell into a ring of fire  I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down and the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire, the ring of fire  I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down and the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire, the ring of fire  The taste of love is sweet When hearts like ours meet I fell for you like a child Oh, but the fire went wild  I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down and the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire, the ring of fire  And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire, the ring of fire The ring of fire, the ring of fire|Country
johnnycash|Orange Blossom Special|Look a-yonder comin' Comin' down that railroad track Hey, look a-yonder comin' Comin' down that railroad track It's the Orange Blossom Special Bringin' my baby back  Well, I'm going down to Florida And get some sand in my shoes Or maybe Californy And get some sand in my shoes I'll ride that Orange Blossom Special And lose these New York blues  "Say man, when you going back to Florida?" "When am I goin' back to Florida? I don't know, don't reckon I ever will." "Ain't you worried about getting your nourishment in New York?" "Well, I don't care if I do-die-do-die-do-die-do-die."  Hey talk about a-ramblin' She's the fastest train on the line Talk about a-travellin' She's the fastest train on the line It's that Orange Blossom Special Rollin' down the seaboard line|Country
johnnycash|Port of Lonely Hearts|A ship came in, but it was empty; And then it sailed back out to sea again. Now there's the sail on the horizon, And now I wait until your ship comes in.  And I'll be waiting in the port of lonely hearts, Watchin' for your topsail on the sea. Prayin' that my ship of love will come  To the port of lonely hearts where I will be.  I'll brave the storm until you're with me, Cause wind and rain can't change a love that's true. I'll be alone until you anchor and then I'll leave this lonely port with you.  Till then I'm waiting in the port of lonely hearts, Watchin' for your topsail on the sea. Prayin' that my ship of love will come To the port of lonely hearts where I will be.|Country
johnnycash|My Treasure|I saved a lot of money my fortune was untold  And like a fool I idealized my silver and my gold  My earthly treasure's mounted but when I counted through  I realized the treasure I had overlooked was you   My treasure unmeasured but forsaken of the treasures that come from above  My treasure unmeasured but it don't hold a heart of the one that I love   If I had my life before me if I could see it all  I'd stake my claim on things that are secured against downfall  I'd work for earthly treasures like any man would do  But I set my sights much higher and I'd be sure that I had you   My treasure unmeasured unmeasured...|Country
johnnycash|Oh, Lonesome Me|Everybody's going out and having fun I'm just a fool for staying home and having none I can't get over how she set set me free oh lonesome me  A bad mistake I'm making by just hanging round I know that I should have some fun and paint the town I thought of everything from A to Z oh lonesome me  I'll bet she's not like me she's out and fancy free Flirtin' with the boys with all her charms But I still love her so and brother don't you know I'd welcome her right back here in my arms  Well there must be some way I can lose these lonesome blues Forget about the past and find somebody new I thought of everything from A to Z oh lonesome me oh lonesome me  Well I'll bet she's not like me... Oh lonesome me|Country
johnnycash|Home of the Blues|Just around the corner there's heartache Down the street that losers use If you can wade in through the teardrops You'll find me at the Home of the Blues  I walk and cry while my heartbeat Keeps time with the drag of my shoes The sun never shines through this window of mine It's dark at the Home of the Blues  Oh, but the place is filled with the sweetest mem'ries Mem'ries so sweet that I cry Dreams that I've had left me feeling so bad I just want to give up and lay down and die  So if you've just lost your sweetheart And it seems there's no good way to choose Come along with me, misery loves company You're welcome at the Home of the Blues  Oh, but the place is filled with the sweetest mem'ries Mem'ries so sweet that I cry Dreams that I've had left me feeling so bad I just want to give up and lay down and die  So if you've just lost your sweetheart And it seems there's no good way to choose Come along with me, misery loves company You're welcome at the Home of the Blues You'll find me at the Home of the Blues Yeah, you're gonna find me at the Home of the Blues|Country
johnnycash|It Ain't Me, Babe|Go away from my window Leave at your own chosen speed I'm not the one you want, babe I'm not the one you need You say you're lookin' for someone Who's never weak but always strong To protect you and defend you Whether you are right or wrong Someone to open each and every door  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe  Go lightly from the ledge, babe Go lightly on the ground I'm not the one you want, babe I'll only let you down You say you're lookin' for someone Who'll promise never to part Someone to close his eyes for you Someone to close his heart Someone to die for you and more  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe  You say you're lookin' for someone To pick you up each time you fall To gather flowers constantly And to come each time you call And will love you for your life And nothin' more  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe|Country
johnnycash|You're the Nearest Thing to Heaven|I have sailed the peaceful waters of the ocean deep and blue I held my breath and watched the western sunsets golden hue I've flown above the mountain peaks and valleys wide and green But you're the nearest thing to heaven that I've seen  You're the nearest thing to heaven yes you are I have searched for happiness so long and far But my search for love was through the day that I found you Cause you're the nearest thing to heaven yes you are  I confess that I've been tempted by a luring magic charms When the smile was flashed my way and stood before two open arms But I turned and walked away because I love you like I do You're the nearest thing to heaven darlin' you  You're the nearest thing to heaven...  I have watched the silver raindrops fall to earth to cool the day Watched the rainbow at twilight when the clouds had blown away I love the pretty flowers but they cannot buy the worth Cause you're the nearest thing to heaven on this earth  You're the nearest thing to heaven...|Country
johnnycash|Folsom Prison Blues|I hear the train a comin' It's rolling round the bend And I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when I'm stuck in Folsom prison, and time keeps draggin' on But that train keeps a rollin' on down to San Antone  When I was just a baby my mama told me "Son, always be a good boy, don't ever play with guns" But I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die When I hear that whistle blowing, I hang my head and cry  I bet there's rich folks eating in a fancy dining car They're probably drinkin' coffee and smoking big cigars Well I know I had it coming, I know I can't be free But those people keep a movin' And that's what tortures me  Well if they freed me from this prison If that railroad train was mine I bet I'd move it on a little farther down the line Far from Folsom prison, that's where I want to stay And I'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues away|Country
johnnycash|The Story of a Broken Heart|Hmm the story of a broken heart  Well the sprinftime is coming and the honeybees are humming  And I just saw a robin flying by  While your wedding bells are ringing my poor heart is singing  The story of a broken heart hmm the story of a broken heart   When the trees start to blooding the mem'ries start to flooding  And my heart takes a trip to yesterday  When we walked neath the moon an our love was in bloom  Now we're two lovers drifted apart hmm the story of a broken heart   Now the wedding invitation forced out to your relation  But you ask me to give the pride away  Although I can't show it I think that you'll know it  A story that's told from my heart hmm the story of a broken heart|Country
johnnycash|Daddy Sang Bass|I remember when I was a lad, times were hard and things were bad. But there's a silver lining behind every cloud. Just poor people, that's all we were. Trying to make a living out of black land dirt. We'd get together in a family circle singing loud.  Daddy sang bass, Mama sang tenor. Me and little brother would join right in there. Singing seems to help a troubled soul. One of these days and it won't be long. I'll rejoin them in a song. I'm gonna join the family circle at the Throne. No, the circle won't be broken. By and by, Lord, by and by.  Daddy sang bass, Mama sang tenor. Me and little brother would join right in there. In the sky, Lord, in the sky.  Now I remember after work, Mama would call in all of us. You could hear us singing for a country mile. Now little brother has done gone on. But, I'll rejoin him in a song. We'll be together again up yonder in a little while.  Daddy sang bass, Mama sang tenor. Me and little brother would join right in there. Cause singing seems to help a troubled soul. One of these days and it won't be long, I'll rejoin them in a song. I'm gonna join the family circle at the Throne. Oh, no the circle won't be broken. By and by, Lord, by and by.  Daddy sang bass, Mama sang tenor. Me and little brother would join right in there. In the sky, Lord, in the sky. In the sky, Lord, in the sky.|Country
johnnycash|A Boy Named Sue|My daddy left home when I was three And he didn't leave much to ma and me Just this old guitar and an empty bottle of booze. Now, I don't blame him cause he run and hid But the meanest thing that he ever did Was before he left, he went and named me "Sue".  Well, he must o' thought that is quite a joke And it got a lot of laughs from a' lots of folk, It seems I had to fight my whole life through. Some gal would giggle and I'd get red And some guy'd laugh and I'd bust his head, I tell ya, life ain't easy for a boy named "Sue".  Well, I grew up quick and I grew up mean, My fist got hard and my wits got keen, I'd roam from town to town to hide my shame. But I made me a vow to the moon and stars That I'd search the honky-tonks and bars And kill that man who gave me that awful name.  Well, it was Gatlinburg in mid-July And I just hit town and my throat was dry, I thought I'd stop and have myself a brew. At an old saloon on a street of mud, There at a table, dealing stud, Sat the dirty, mangy dog that named me "Sue".  Well, I knew that snake was my own sweet dad From a worn-out picture that my mother'd had, And I knew that scar on his cheek and his evil eye. He was big and bent and gray and old, And I looked at him and my blood ran cold And I said, "My name is 'Sue'! How do you do! Now you're gonna die!"  Yeah, that's what I told him!  Well, I hit him hard right between the eyes And he went down, but to my surprise, He come up with a knife and cut off a piece of my ear. But I busted a chair right across his teeth And we crashed through the wall and into the street Kicking and a' gouging in the mud and the blood and the beer.  I tell ya, I've fought tougher men But I really can't remember when, He kicked like a mule and he bit like a crocodile. I heard him laugh and then I heard him cuss, He went for his gun and I pulled mine first, He stood there lookin' at me and I saw him smile.  And he said, "Son, this world is rough And if a man's gonna make it, he's gotta be tough And I knew I wouldn't be there to help ya along. So I give ya that name and I said goodbye I knew you'd have to get tough or die And it's the name that helped to make you strong."  He said, "Now you just fought one hell of a fight And I know you hate me, and you got the right To kill me now, and I wouldn't blame you if you do. But ya ought to thank me, before I die, For the gravel in ya guts and the spit in ya eye Cause I'm the son of a bitch that named you 'Sue'."  Well, what could I do, what could I do?  I got all choked up and I threw down my gun And I called him my pa, and he called me his son, And I came away with a different point of view. And I think about him, now and then, Every time I try and every time I win, And if I ever have a son, I think I'm gonna name him Bill or George! Anything but Sue! I still hate that name!|Country
johnnycash|The Christmas Spirit|Praises sing to Christ the King And peace to men on earth  On Christmas Eve I dreamed I traveled all around the earth And in my dream I saw and heard the ways the different people Hail the king whose star shone in the east and what a dream it was  In London Town I walked around Piccadilly Circus A mass of people movin' here and there, I wondered where On every face at every place was, "Hurry up, I'm late" But a kind old man at a chestnut stand said, "Merry Christmas mate" And I felt the Christmas spirit  In a little town nestled down in Bavaria Germany I walked along to see what the feeling there would be And here again was the busy din, the rushin', the yellin' But some kind boy said, "Frohliche Weihnachten" Not understanding the words but gettin' the buyin' and sellin' I felt the Christmas spirit  In Bethlehem I heard a hymn, some distant choir sang And with other tourists I walked along to a Church as its bells rang Then I heard someone tell someone, "There's where Christ was born" I wonder if He looked like our baby looked on that first morn And then I really felt the Christmas spirit  From a businessman in the Holy Land at a sidewalk souvenirshop I bought a little Bible since I'd already stopped And it was in Paris France somehow by chance that I took the Bible out As I flipped the pages I saw these words  And I knew what it was all about For I read, "Fear not for behold I bring you good tidings of great joy Which shall be to all people For unto you He was born this day in the City of David, a Saviour Which is Christ the Lord"  Then I took the little Holy Book, held it close and tight I closed my eyes and visualized the glory of that night So suddenly it came to me for when I awoke on Christmas Day I felt the Christmas spirit down deep inside to stay  O little town of Bethlehem how still we see Thee lie Above Thy deep and dreamless sleep the silent stars go by Yet in Thy dark streets shineth the everlasting light The hopes and fears of all the years are met in Thee tonight|Country
johnnycash|If I Were a Carpenter|If I were a carpenter And you were a lady, Would you marry me anyway? Would you have my baby?  If a tinker were my trade would you still find me, Carrying the pots I made, Following behind me.  Save my love through loneliness, Save my love for sorrow, I'm given you my onliness, Come give your tomorrow.  If I worked my hands in wood, Would you still love me? Answer me babe, "Yes I would, I'll put you above me."  If I were a miller at a mill wheel grinding, would you miss your color box, and your soft shoe shining?  If I were a carpenter and you were a lady, Would you marry me anyway? Would you have my baby? Would you marry anyway? Would you have my baby?|Country
johnnycash|I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day|I heard the bells on Christmas Day Their old familiar carols play And wild and sweet the words repeat Of peace on earth goodwill to men  I thought how as the day had come The belfries of all Christendom Had rolled along unbroken song Of peace on earth goodwill to men  And in despair I bowed my head There is no peace on earth I said For hate is strong that mocks the song Of peace on earth goodwill to men  Then pealed the bells more loud and deep God is not dead nor doubt He sleeps The wrong shall fail the right prevail With peace on earth goodwill to men  Till ringin' singin' on its way The world revolve from night to day A voice a chime a chance so blind Of peace on earth goodwill to men  Then pealed the bells more loud and deep God is not dead nor doubt He sleeps The wrong shall fail the right prevail With peace on earth goodwill to men|Country
johnnycash|Blue Christmas|I'll have a blue blue Christmas  I'll have a blue blue Christmas without you I'll be so blue thinking about you Decorations of red, on a green Christmas tree Won't mean a thing if you're not here with me  I'll have a blue Christmas, that's certain And when those blue blue heartaches start hurtin' You'll be doing alright with your Christmas of white But I'll have a blue blue Christmas  I'll have a blue Christmas without you I'll be so blue thinking about you Decorations of red, on a green Christmas tree Won't mean a thing if you're not here with me  I'll have a blue Christmas, that's certain And when those blue heartaches start hurtin' You'll be doing alright with your Christmas of white But I'll have a blue blue Christmas  A blue blue Christmas without you|Country
johnnycash|The Gifts They Gave|Jesus our King, kind and good Was humbly born in a stable of wood And the lowly beasts around Him stood Jesus our King, kind and good  "I", said the donkey, shaggy and brown "I carried His mother up and down I carried His mother to Bethlehem town" "I", said the donkey, shaggy and brown  "I", said the ox, "This was my hay I gave Him my manger, 'twas here that He lay I gave Him my manger, 'twas here that He lay" "I", said the ox, "This was my hay"  "I" said the sheep with pearly horn "I gave Him my wool for a blanket warm He wore my coat on Christmas morn" "I", said the sheep with pearly horn  "I", said the dove, from the rafters high "I sang Him to sleep that He would not cry We sang Him to sleep, my love and I" "I", said the dove, from the rafters high  And so every heart, by some good spell In the stable dark, was glad to tell Of the gift that he gave to Emmanuel Of the gift that he gave to Emmanuel|Country
johnnycash|Here Was a Man|(Joy to the world, the Lord is come) Here was a man, a man Who was born in a small village The son of a peasant woman He grew up in another small village Until he reached the age of thirty He worked as a carpenter  Then for three years He was a traveling minister But he never traveled more Than two hundred miles from Where he was born and Where he did go he usually walked  He never held political office He never wrote a book Never bought a home Never had a family He never went to college And he never set foot inside a big city  Yes, here was a man  Though he never did one on the things Usually associated with greatness He had no credentials but himself He had nothing to do with this world Except through the divine purpose That brought him to this world  While he was still a young man The tide of popular opinion turned against him Most of his friends ran away One of them denied him One of them betrayed him And turned him over to his enemies Then he went through the mockery of a trial  And was nailed to a cross between two thieves And even while he was dying His executioners gambled For the only piece of property That he had in this world And that was his robe his purple robe  When he was dead He was taken down from the cross And laid in a borrowed grave Provided by compassionate friends More than nineteen centuries have come and gone And today he's a centerpiece of the human race Our leader in the column to human destiny  I think, I'm well within the mark when I say That all of the armies that ever marched All of the navies that ever sailed the seas All of the legislative bodies that ever sat And all of the kings that ever reigned All of them put together have not affected The life of man on this earth So powerfully as that one solitary life  Here was a man (Joy to the world, the Lord is come)|Country
johnnycash|Christmas as I Knew It|One day near Christmas when I was just a child Mama called us together and mama tried to smile She said you know the cotton crop hadn't been too good this year There's not a lot of spending money and well at least we're all here  I hope you won't expect a lot of Christmas presents Just be thankful that there is plenty to eat That'll make things a little more pleasant And us kids got to thinking how really blessed we were At least we were all healthy and most of all we had her  Roy cut down a pine oak tree and we drug it home Jack and me Daddy killed a squirrel and Louise made the bread Reba decorated the tree with popcorn strings before we went to bed Mama and daddy sacrificed because this Christmas was kind of lean After all there was the babies Tom and Joanne And babies need a few things  I whittled a whistle for my brother Jack And though we disagreed now and then When I gave Jack that whistle he knew I thought the world of him Mama made the girl's dresses out of flower sacks And when she ironed them down You couldn't tell that they hadn't come from town  A sharecropper family across the road didn't have it as good as us They didn't even have a light and it was way past dusk And mama said, "Well I bet they don't even have coal oil Let alone apples and oranges and such"  Me and Jack took a jar of coal oil nd some hickernuts we'd found We walked to the sharecropper's porch and set 'em down A poor old ragged lady eased open the door She picked up the coal oil and hickernuts and said "I sure do thank you" and quickly closed the door  We started back home me and Jack And about halfway we stopped looked back And in the sharecropper's window at last was a light So for one of the neighbors and for us it was a good Christmas night  Christmas came and Christmas went Christmas that year was heaven sent And my daddy put on his rubber boots And paced the floor waiting for the thaw Back home in Dyess Arkansas|Country
johnnycash|Flesh and Blood|Beside a Singin' Mountain Stream  Where the Willow grew  Where the Silver Leaf of Maple Sparkled in the Mornin' Dew I braided Twigs of Willows Made a String of Buckeye Beads; But Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need.  I leaned against a Bark of Birch And I breathed the Honey Dew I saw a North-bound Flock of Geese Against a Sky of Baby Blue Beside the Lily Pads I carved a Whistle from a Reed; Mother Nature's quite a Lady But you're the one I need Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need.  A Cardinal sang just for me And I thanked him for the Song Then the Sun went slowly down the West And I had to move along These were some of the things  On which my Mind and Spirit feed; But Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need.  <i>[SPOKEN]</i>  So when this Day was ended I was still not satisfied For I knew ev'rything I touched Would wither and would die And Love is all that will remain And grow from all these Seed;  <i>[SUNG]</i>  Mother Nature's quite a Lady But you're the one I need Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need.|Country
johnnycash|Man in Black|Well, you wonder why I always dress in black, Why you never see bright colors on my back, And why does my appearance seem to have a somber tone. Well, there's a reason for the things that I have on.  I wear the black for the poor and the beaten down, Livin' in the hopeless, hungry side of town, I wear it for the prisoner who has long paid for his crime, But is there because he's a victim of the times.  I wear the black for those who never read, Or listened to the words that Jesus said, About the road to happiness through love and charity, Why, you'd think He's talking straight to you and me.  Well, we're doin' mighty fine, I do suppose, In our streak of lightnin' cars and fancy clothes, But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back, Up front there ought 'a be a Man In Black.  I wear it for the sick and lonely old, For the reckless ones whose bad trip left them cold, I wear the black in mournin' for the lives that could have been, Each week we lose a hundred fine young men.  And, I wear it for the thousands who have died, Believen' that the Lord was on their side, I wear it for another hundred thousand who have died, Believen' that we all were on their side.  Well, there's things that never will be right I know, And things need changin' everywhere you go, But 'til we start to make a move to make a few things right, You'll never see me wear a suit of white.  Ah, I'd love to wear a rainbow every day, And tell the world that everything's OK, But I'll try to carry off a little darkness on my back, 'Till things are brighter, I'm the Man In Black.|Country
johnnycash|Silent Night|(Silent night holy night) Silent night holy night all is calm all is bright Round young virgin mother and child holy infant so tender and mild Sleep in heavenly peace sleep in heavenly peace Silent night holy night all is dark save the light See the eastern wise men bring gifts and homage to our King Christ the Saviour is born Jesus the Saviour is born Silent night (holy night) all is calm all is bright Poorest dreams from heaven afar heavenly host sing hallelujah (Christ the Savious is born Jesus the Saviour is born) Silent night holy night wonderous dark lend Thy light With the angels let us sing hallelujah hail the King Christ the Saviour is born Jesus the Saviour is born.|Country
johnnycash|The Little Drummer Boy|Come they told me Our newborn King to see Our finest gifts we bring To lay before the King  This is to honor Him When we come  Baby Jesus, I am a poor boy too I have no gift to bring That's fit to give a King  But may I play for You On my drum  The Mother Mary nodded The ox and lamb kept time I played my drum for Him I played my best for Him  Then He smiled at me Me and my drum|Country
johnnycash|Ringing the Bells for Jim|The father heard church bells at midnight A wrong time for church bells to chime He went to the tower, found a little girl there Said, "Why ring the bells at this time?"  "I'm just ringing the bells for Jim Please father, ringing the bells for Jim I'm sorry, I'm cryin' but my brother Jim's dyin' So, I'm ringing the bells for Jim"  Please father, pray for him this Christmas He's sick and he's in so much pain The doctors all say, he'll be gone any day So, I must ring the bells again  I'm just ringing the bells for Jim Please father, ringing the bells for Jim I'm sorry, I'm cryin' but my brother Jim's dyin' So, I'm ringing the bells for Jim  On the day after Christmas She brought him said, "Father, heed little Jim You see, he got well, when he heard the church bells I was ringing the bells for Jim"  "I'm just ringing the bells for Jim Please father, ringing the bells for Jim I'm sorry, I'm cryin' but my brother Jim's dyin' So, I'm ringing the bells for Jim"|Country
johnnycash|Ragged Old Flag|I walked through a county courthouse square On a park bench, an old man was sittin' there. I said, "Your old court house is kinda run down,  He said, "Naw, it'll do for our little town".  I said, "Your old flag pole is leaned a little bit,  And that's a ragged old flag you got hangin' on it". He said, "Have a seat", and I sat down,  "Is this the first time you've been to our little town" I said, "I think it is" He said "I don't like to brag, but we're kinda proud of That Ragged Old Flag  "You see, we got a little hole in that flag there, When Washington took it across the Delaware. and It got powder burned the night Francis Scott Key sat watching it,  writing "Say Can You See" It got a rip in New Orleans, with Packingham &amp; Jackson tugging at its seams. and It almost fell at the Alamo  beside the Texas flag, But she waved on though. She got cut with a sword at Chancellorsville, And she got cut again at Shiloh Hill. There was Robert E. Lee and Beauregard and Bragg, And the south wind blew hard on That Ragged Old Flag  "On Flanders Field in World War I, She got a big hole from a Bertha Gun, She turned blood red in World War II She hung limp, and low, a time or two, She was in Korea, Vietnam, She went where she was sent by her Uncle Sam. She waved from our ships upon the briny foam and now they've about quit wavin' back here at home in her own good land here She's been abused, She's been burned, dishonored, denied an' refused, And the government for which she stands Has been scandalized throughout out the land. And she's getting thread bare, and she's wearin' thin, But she's in good shape, for the shape she's in. Cause she's been through the fire before and i believe she can take a whole lot more.  "So we raise her up every morning And we bring her down slow every night, We don't let her touch the ground, And we fold her up right. On second thought I *do* like to brag Cause I'm mighty proud of That Ragged Old Flag"|Country
johnnycash|One Piece at a Time|Well, I left Kentucky back in '49 An' went to Detroit workin' on a 'sembly line The first year they had me puttin' wheels on cadillacs  Every day I'd watch them beauties roll by And sometimes I'd hang my head and cry 'Cause I always wanted me one that was long and black.  One day I devised myself a plan That should be the envy of most any man I'd sneak it out of there in a lunchbox in my hand Now gettin' caught meant gettin' fired But I figured I'd have it all by the time I retired I'd have me a car worth at least a hundred grand.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> I'd get it one piece at a time And it wouldn't cost me a dime You'll know it's me when I come through your town I'm gonna ride around in style I'm gonna drive everybody wild 'Cause I'll have the only one there is a round.  So the very next day when I punched in With my big lunchbox and with help from my friends I left that day with a lunch box full of gears Now, I never considered myself a thief GM wouldn't miss just one little piece Especially if I strung it out over several years.  The first day I got me a fuel pump And the next day I got me an engine and a trunk Then I got me a transmission and all of the chrome The little things I could get in my big lunchbox Like nuts, an' bolts, and all four shocks But the big stuff we snuck out in my buddy's mobile home.  Now, up to now my plan went all right 'Til we tried to put it all together one night And that's when we noticed that something was definitely wrong.  The transmission was a '53 And the motor turned out to be a '73 And when we tried to put in the bolts all the holes were gone.  So we drilled it out so that it would fit And with a little bit of help with an A-daptor kit We had that engine runnin' just like a song Now the headlight' was another sight We had two on the left and one on the right But when we pulled out the switch all three of 'em come on.  The back end looked kinda funny too But we put it together and when we got thru Well, that's when we noticed that we only had one tail-fin About that time my wife walked out And I could see in her eyes that she had her doubts But she opened the door and said "Honey, take me for a spin."  So we drove up town just to get the tags And I headed her right on down main drag I could hear everybody laughin' for blocks around But up there at the court house they didn't laugh 'Cause to type it up it took the whole staff And when they got through the title weighed sixty pounds.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> I got it one piece at a time And it didn't cost me a dime You'll know it's me when I come through your town I'm gonna ride around in style I'm gonna drive everybody wild 'Cause I'll have the only one there is around.  <i>[Spoken]</i> Ugh! Yow, RED RYDER  This is the COTTON MOUTH In the PSYCHO-BILLY CADILLAC Come on  Huh, This is the COTTON MOUTH And negatory on the cost of this mow-chine there RED RYDER You might say I went right up to the factory And picked it up, it's cheaper that way Ugh!, what model is it?|Country
johnnycash|We Are the Shepherds|So here is the stable and there is the manger The new Saviour sleeps on His first earthly night The wise men brought riches but we brought a candle It's all that we have but it gives a good light  We are the shepherds we walked cross the mountains We left our flocks when the new star appeared Oh, the beautiful singin' of heavenly choir We had to come see Him, we had to come here  We beg You forgive us for such a small offering But our sheep are out there with wolves in the night We bring You this candle it's all we have with us But with it the new Saviour has His first light We are the shepherds  We thank Thee kind Joseph for bidding us enter Please take our gift for the new babe to thine 'Tis only one candle but it is our symbol Of how we believe that His great life will shine We are the shepherds|Country
johnnycash|Who Kept the Sheep|The shepherds afar left their flocks by night Followed the new star by its heavenly light Did the lambs fear the wolves Did they lay down and sleep  Who kept the sheep Who kept the sheep  Did robbers not steal or did they fear the light That the shepherds had followed night after night Did they not stray Did little lambs weep  Who kept the sheep Who kept the sheep  Under the new star, the new Saviour lay in his dim manger He lay on the hay The shepherds that came had a vigil to keep But who kept the sheep  Who kept the sheep Who kept the sheep Who kept the sheep|Country
johnnycash|Everybody Loves a Nut|Everybody loves a nut the whole world loves a weirdo Brains are in a rut but everybody loves a nut  There was a hermit named Fred who kept the dead horse in his cave And everyone said to Fred Fred how come you keep a dead horse in your cave and he said well  (Everybody loves a nut the whole world loves a weirdo) Brains are in a rut but everybody loves a nut  A columbia man named Frank had a tiger named Hank He tried to put Hank in his tank guess what happened to ol' Frank When they picked up the teets there and eyeballs And erected a tombstone that read  (Everybody loves a nut...)  Another Columbia fella told queen Isabella I don't think the world is flat and now what do you think about that And she said you don't and he said no ma'm And she said he'd get out of my queendom and he said yes ma'm  (Everybody loves a nut...) Everybody loves a nut...)|Country
johnnycash|Song of the Patriot|I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man I love mom and applie pie,  And the freedoms that we all enjoy across this beautiful land I work hard and I fight hard for the old Red, White, and Blue And I'll die a whole lot harder if it comes to where I have to I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man And when I see old Glory waving I think of all the brave men who have fought and died for what is right and wrong And when I see old Glory burnin, my blood begins to churnin  And I could do some fightin' of my own I don't believe in violence, I'm a God fearing man Bul I'll stand up for my country just as long as I can stand Cause I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man And I enjoy the liberty of being what I want to be and achieve any goals that I can I was taught to turn the other cheek, but daddy used to say Walk soft and pack a big stick, but never walk away I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man And When I see old Glory waving I think of all the brave men who have fought and died for what is right and wrong And when I see old Glory burnin, my blood begins to churnin  And I could do some fightin' of my own Cause I love all my brothers and were proud of our group We've got the greenest country here on God's green earth I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man|Country
johnnycash|Highwayman|I was a highwayman. Along the coach roads I did ride With sword and pistol by my side Many a young maid lost her baubles to my trade Many a soldier shed his lifeblood on my blade The bastards hung me in the spring of twenty-five But I am still alive.  I was a sailor. I was born upon the tide And with the sea I did abide. I sailed a schooner round the Horn to Mexico I went aloft and furled the mainsail in a blow And when the yards broke off they said that I got killed But I am living still.  I was a dam builder across the river deep and wide Where steel and water did collide A place called Boulder on the wild Colorado I slipped and fell into the wet concrete below They buried me in that great tomb that knows no sound But I am still around..I'll always be around..and around and around and  around and around  I fly a starship across the Universe divide And when I reach the other side I'll find a place to rest my spirit if I can Perhaps I may become a highwayman again Or I may simply be a single drop of rain But I will remain And I'll be back again, and again and again and again and again..|Country
johnnycash|The Wanderer|I went out walking through the streets paved with gold Lifted some stones Saw the skin and bones Of a city without a soul I went out walking under an atomic sky Where the ground won't turn And the rain it burns Like the tears when I said goodbye   Yeah I went with nothing Nothing but the thought of you I went wandering  I went drifting through the capitals of tin Where men can't walk Or freely talk And sons turn their fathers in  I stopped outside a church house Where the citizens like to sit They say they want the kingdom But they don't want God in it   Yeah I went with nothing Nothing but the thought of you I went wandering  I went drifting through the capitals of tin Where men can't walk Or freely talk And sons turn their fathers in  I went out with nothing Nothing but the thought of you I went wandering  I went out walking Down that winding road Where no one's trusting no one And conscience...a too heavy load I went out riding, down that ol'eight lane I passed by a thousand signs Looking for my own name   Yeah I went with nothing Nothing but the thought of you I went wandering  I went drifting through the capitals of tin Where men can't walk Or freely talk And sons turn their fathers in  I went with nothing But the thought you'd be there, too Looking for you  I went out there in search of experience To taste and to touch and to feel's as much As a man can before he repents  I went out searching, looking for one good man A spirit who would not bend or break Who could sit at his father's right hand I went out walking with a bible and a gun The word of God lay heavy on my heart I was sure I was the one Now Jesus, don't you wait up Jesus, I'll be home soon Yea I went out for the papers Told her I'd be back by noon  Yeah I left with nothing But the thought you'd be there too Looking for you... Yeah I left with nothing Nothing but the thought of you... I went wandering|Country
johnnycash|Rowboat|Rowboat, row me to the shore. She don't wanna be my friend no more. She dug a hole in the bottom of my soul. She don't wanna be my friend no more.  Pick me up, gimme some food to eat, In your truck goin' no place. I'll be home talkin' to nobody. You'll be strange, you'll be far away.  Big fat moon. And my body's out of tune. With the burnin' waves, She's a billion years away.  Dog food on the floor, And I've been like this before. She is all, And everything else is small.  Pick me up, gimme some alcohol, In your truck playin' the radio. I'll be home with the gasoline. You'll be stoned, you'll be far away.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>  Rowboat, row me to the shore. She don't wanna be my friend no more. She dug a hole in the bottom of my soul. She is all, and everything else is small.|Country
johnnycash|Sea of Heartbreak|(One, two, one, two, three four.)  The lights in the harbor, Don't shine for me. I'm like a lost ship, Adrift on the sea.  The sea of heartbreak. Lost love and loneliness, Memories of your caress. So divine how I wish You were mine again my dear. I'm on this sea of tears, Sea of heartbreak.  Oh, how did I lose you? Oh, where did I fail? Why did you leave me? Always to sail,  The sea of heartbreak. Lost love and loneliness, Memories of your caress. So divine how I wish You were mine again my dear. I'm on this sea of tears, Sea of heartbreak.  Oh, what I'd give just to sail back to shore, Back to your arms once more. Come to my rescue, oh, come here to me. Take me and keep me away from the sea.  Sea of heartbreak. Lost love and loneliness, Memories of your caress. So divine how I wish You were mine again my dear. I'm on this sea of tears, Sea of heartbreak.  Sea of heartbreak. Sea of heartbreak. Sea of heartbreak.|Country
johnnycash|Rusty Cage|You wired me awake, And hit me with a hand of broken nails. You tied my lead and pulled my chain, To watch my blood begin to boil.  But I'm gonna break, I'm gonna break my, Gonna break my rusty cage and run. I'm gonna break, I'm gonna break my, Gonna break my rusty cage and run.  Too cold to start a fire, I'm burning diesel, burning dinosaur bones. I'll take the river down to still water, And ride a pack of dogs.  I'm gonna break, I'm gonna break my, Gonna break my rusty cage and run. I'm gonna break, I'm gonna break my, Gonna break my rusty cage and run.  When the forest burns along the road, Like God's eyes in my headlights. When the dogs are lookin' for their bones, And it's rainin' icepicks on your steel shore,  I'm gonna break, I'm gonna break my, I'm gonna break my rusty cage and run. I'm gonna break, I'm gonna break my, Gonna break my rusty cage and run.  I'm gonna break, I'm gonna break my, Gonna break my rusty cage and run. I'm gonna break, I'm gonna break my, Gonna break my rusty cage and run.|Country
johnnycash|The One Rose|So blue Lonesome too But still true  Rosie haunts me Makes me think of you  You're the one rose that's left in my heart, dear I love you, adore you, I do  Each night in dreamland we wander along  Telling love stories anew  When from a blue sky a black cloud came rolling  Breaking my heart in two  Oh we ought not to part  I have said from the start  You're the one rose that's left in my heart  Oh we ought not to part  I have said from the start  You're the one rose that's left in my heart|Country
johnnycash|Cup of Coffee|Man it sure is good to hear you singin' and yodelin' and pickin' again Jack Elliot I been drivin' haulin' load of grain all day long Got about three more hundred miles to go And well I just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Yeah I just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Don't you offer me none of that whiskey don't need no wine Gotta get that semi down the line Sure good to see you again Jack been a long time now How's Flo you still married to old Flo ain't you ha ha ha Well just coffee thank you thank you very much Whoa whoa well well it will cool it down a little bit what is it man D'you make it yourself I like to hear you yodel Just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend  Sound good on that man that's the best part right there hope we ain't wakin' up Flo Hey Flo old Flo she's a good 'un boy no I didn't mean nothin' I just you know I knew Flo a long time ago we went to school together you know Well I just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Yeah dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend In don't in the glass you gonna pour it in the glass whoa whoa whoa that's enough Man put ice in and it's gonna run over whoa whoa Man you got it all over the tablecloth makin' that stuff yourself If that's what makes you yodel it's good to me Just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Don't give me none of your liquor I don't want no wine Gotta get that semi down the line I gotta haul a load of grain Bout three hundred more miles I gotta get up and get out of here If I can just find my cat my hat get outa here cat darn cat No that's alright I can make it I can make it I can make it alright mama say I can make it leave me alone Whoa stepped right in her flowerbed oh she gonna raise cain tomorrow Where's my truck at cause I thought I had it cross the street Or on this side of the street alright you got an extra room She won't mind okay you sure now put the blanket down around my feet Get me up by six o'clock cause I don't want Flo catch me sleepin' in here Boy she can flat raise your nose ha ha just let my arms hang loose Warm as I can be I wants just to get me up about eight o'clock And I'll have a cup of coffee cause you know Flo too Yeah just dropped in to have a cup of coffee friend Jack yodel for me one more time fore I go to sleep  I sure like to hear you yodel Jack Elliot|Country
johnnycash|Memories Are Made of This|Take one fresh and tender kiss  Add one stolen night of bliss  One girl, one boy, some grief, some joy  Memories are made of this.  Don't forget a small moonbeam  Fold it lightly with a dream  Your lips and mine to sip the wine  Memories are made of this  Then at the wedding bells  One house where lovers dwell  Three little kids for the flavor  Stir carefully through the day  See how the flavor stays  These are the dreams that we must savor  With His blessings from above  Serve it generously with love  One man, one wife, one love for life  Memories are made of this|Country
johnnycash|Spiritual|Jesus I don't wanna die alone Jesus oh Jesus I don't wanna die alone  My love wasn't true Now all I have is you  Jesus oh Jesus I don't wanna die alone  Jesus If you hear my last breath  Don't leave me here Left to die a lonely death I know I have sinned but Lord I'm suffering  Jesus Oh Jesus If you hear my last breath  Jesus I don't wanna die alone Jesus oh Jesus I don't wanna die alone  My love wasn't true Now all I have is you  Jesus Oh Jesus I don't wanna die alone  Jesus Jesus All my troubles All My pain Will leave me Once again  All my troubles All my pain Will leave me once again  All my troubles All my pain Will leave me once again Once again|Country
johnnycash|Southern Accents|There's a southern accent, Where I come from. The young'uns call it country, The Yankees call it dumb. I got my own way of talkin', But everything is done, With a southern accent, Where I come from.  Now that drunk-tank in Atlanta, Was just a motel room to me. Think I might go work Orlando, If them orange groves don't freeze. I've got my own way of workin', But everything is run, With a southern accent, Where I come from.  For just a minute there I was dreaming. For just a minute it was all so real. For just a minute she was standing there, With me.  There's a dream I that I keep havin', Where my mama comes to me. And she kneels down over by the window, And says a prayer for me. I got my own way of prayin', And everyone's begun, With a southern accent, Where I come from.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>  We have our own way of livin', But everything is done, With a southern accent, Where I come from.|Country
johnnycash|Mean Eyed Cat|I gave my woman half my money at the general store, I said, "Now buy a little groceries and don't spend no more." But she paid ten dollars for a ten cent hat, And bought some store-bought cat food for that mean-eyed cat.  When I woke up this mornin' and I turned my head, There wasn't a cotton pickin' thing on her side of the bed. I found a little ol' note, where her head belonged. It said, "Dear John, honey, baby, I'm long gone."  When I heard a whistle blowin' and the big wheels a-turnin', I was scared as I could be. I put on my overalls and I headed to town. Gonna bring her back with me.  I asked the man down at the station if he'd seen her there. I told him all about her pretty eyes and long, blonde hair. He spit his tobacco, said, "I'll be dad blamed, I believe I did see her leavin' on the east-bound train."  I bought a round-trip ticket on the east bound train, I was broke as I could be, But when I come back, I gotta buy another ticket, Gonna bring her back with me.  Well, I got off the train somewhere in Arkansas, And I worked up the guts to call my mother-in-law, She said, "I'll tell you where she is, if you act right. She's workin' four-to-twelve at Trucker's World tonight."  Well, when I walked in she saw me and she took off her apron, And she grabbed her goin'-home hat She bought a ticket with her tips. Now we're curled up on the sofa, Me and her and that mean-eyed cat.|Country
johnnycash|Meet Me in Heaven|We saw houses falling from the sky Where the mountains lean down to the sand We saw blackbirds circling 'round an old castle keep And I stood on the cliff and held your hand  We walked troubles brooding wind swept hills And we loved and we laughed the pain away At the end of the journey, when our last song is sung Will you meet me in Heaven someday  <i>[Chorus]</i> Can't be sure of how's it's going to be When we walk into the light across the bar But I'll know you and you'll know me Out there beyond the stars  We've seen the secret things revealed by God And we heard what the angels had to say Should you go first, or if you follow me Will you meet me in Heaven someday  Living in a mansion on the streets of gold At the corner of Grace and Rapture Way In sweet ecstasy while the ages roll Will you meet me in Heaven someday  In sweet ecstasy while the ages roll Will you meet in Heaven someday|Country
johnnycash|The Bug That Tried to Crawl Around the World|Now you've heard of folks with a lot of ambition But I believe just about the biggest case of ambition I ever saw Was in a bug that I saw crawlin' along the beach one day He was a mighty ambitious bug On the beach one early mornin' as a day was newly dawnin' And the sun again was warmin' all the chill thru'out the land I saw me a bug a walkin' and at first I thought he was quakin' Then I found out he was talkin' while he crawled across the sand He was crawlin' mighty straight at a slow but a steady gait And when I asked him to wait he said oh come on crawl with me But I said where you goin' and he said you'll be knowin' For I'm gonna make a showin' and you'll someday see Well I stood there by the ocean I suddenly had the notion That I start this big promotion so this challenge I enfirled said the bug So I gave my wife a hug and I left my confy rug So I could be the only bug that ever crawled around the world Well he seemed mighty small and it was a long way to crawl And I'm sure he couldn't swim at all so I try to discourage my friend I said you know the world is round and there's mighty lotta ground And there some water to be found before you reach your journey's end And he said now don't you fret there's problems to be met But I'll make it you can bet and this deed will bring glory to my name You know they said man would never fly now he's soarin' in the sky Cause he had the will to try so let me win my fame So he crawled on out of sight as he sought that splendoured height Neither lookin' left nor right but slowly marchin' toward his goal And my knowin' he had started on his journey as we parted Kept me from feelin' too down hearted for he was a mighty ambitious soul Well I've looked everywhere I've been and seen a lotta bugs since then But not one quite like my little friend when I think of him I'm filled with pride Did he make it I don't know he was crawlin' mighty slow and he had a long way to go And all I can tell you folks is that he tried he sure was an ambitious bug|Country
johnnycash|I Never Picked Cotton|<i>[Chorus]</i>  I never picked cotton  But my mother did  And my brother did  And my sister did  And my daddy died young  Workin' in the coal mine  When I was just a baby  Too little for a cotton sack  I played in the dirt  While the others worked  'Til they couldn't straighten up their backs  I made myself a promise  When I was big enough to run  That I'd never stay a single day  In that Oklahoma sun  <i>[Chorus]</i>  Folks said I grew up early  And that the farm couldn't hold me then so  I stole ten bucks and a pickup truck  And I never went back again  Then it was fast cars and whiskey  Long haired girls and fun  I had everything that money could bring  And I took it all with a gun  <i>[Chorus]</i>  It was Saturday night in Memphis  When a redneck grabbed my shirt When he said go back to your cotton sack  I left him dying in the dirt  They'll take me in the morning  To the gallos just outside  And in the time I got  There ain't a hell of alot  That I can look back on with pride  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Unchained|I have been ungrateful, I've been unwise. Restless from the cradle, Now I realize, It's so hard to see the rainbow, Through glasses dark as these. Maybe I'll be able, From now on, on my knees.  Oh, I am weak. Oh, I know I am vain. Take this weight from me, Let my spirit be unchained.  Old man swearin' at the sidewalk, I'm overcome. Seems that we've both forgotten, Forgotten to go home. Have I seen an angel? Oh, have I seen a ghost? Where's that rock of ages, When I need it most?  Oh, I am weak. Oh, I know I am vain. Take this weight from me, Let my spirit be unchained.|Country
johnnycash|I've Been Everywhere|I was totin' my pack along the dusty Winnemucca road, When along came a semi with a high and canvas-covered load. "If you're goin' to Winnemucca, Mack, with me you can ride." And so I climbed into the cab and then I settled down inside. He asked me if I'd seen a road with so much dust and sand. And I said, "Listen, I've traveled every road in this here land!"  I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Crossed the desert's bare, man. I've breathed the mountain air, man. Of travel I've a-had my share, man. I've been everywhere.  I've been to Reno, Chicago, Fargo, Minnesota, Buffalo, Toronto, Winslow, Sarasota, Wichita, Tulsa, Ottawa, Oklahoma, Tampa, Panama, Mattawa, La Paloma, Bangor, Baltimore, Salvador, Amarillo, Tocopilla, Barranquilla, and Padilla, I'm a killer.  I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Crossed the desert's bare, man. I've breathed the mountain air, man. Of travel I've a-had my share, man. I've been everywhere.  I've been to Boston, Charleston, Dayton, Louisiana, Washington, Houston, Kingston, Texarkana, Monterey, Faraday, Santa Fe, Tallapoosa, Glen Rock, Black Rock, Little Rock, Oskaloosa, Tennessee to Hennessey, Chicopee, Spirit Lake, Grand Lake, Devil's Lake, Crater Lake, for Pete's sake.  I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Crossed the desert's bare, man. I've breathed the mountain air, man. Of travel I've a-had my share, man. I've been everywhere.  I've been to Louisville, Nashville, Knoxville, Ombabika, Schefferville, Jacksonville, Waterville, Costa Rica, Pittsfield, Springfield, Bakersfield, Shreveport, Hackensack, Cadillac, Fond du Lac, Davenport, Idaho, Jellico, Argentina, Diamantina, Pasadena, Catalina, see what I mean-a.  I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Crossed the desert's bare, man. I've breathed the mountain air, man. Of travel I've a-had my share, man. I've been everywhere.  I've been to Pittsburgh, Parkersburg, Gravelbourg, Colorado, Ellensburg, Rexburg, Vicksburg, El Dorado, Larimore, Admore, Haverstraw, Chatanika, Chaska, Nebraska, Alaska, Opelika, Baraboo, Waterloo, Kalamazoo, Kansas City, Sioux City, Cedar City, Dodge City, what a pity.  I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Crossed the desert's bare, man. I've breathed the mountain air, man. Of travel I've a-had my share, man. I've been everywhere.  I've been everywhere.|Country
johnnycash|The Singing Star's Queen|Twinkle twinkle little star who's the greatest star what are (Waylon)  Now Waylon is a singer a record sellin' star the ladies love him and his band Oh he sings like a bird and he plays a fine guitar But I doubt that he's a home lovin' man You oughta see his woman she's really a queen he buys her the finest of clothes For you talk about beauties like none you ain't seen When Waylon's gone she lets me know  When he's gone a singing I'm gone with his queen spreadin' his money around But if you'll look for me and I can't be seen you'll know that Waylon's back in town  When Waylon's gone a singing I'm wearin' his suit I smoke his imported cigars I like his woman wear out his boots I chauffeur his limousine cars When he's making money he has to stay gone but if you should hear that he's around Go buy his latest record or go see his show help me keep ol' Waylon out of town  When Waylon's out singing I'm gone with his queen...  Starkle starkle little twink Waylon's the greatest star I think Bring him to your town join his fan club the journal you get the journal every year A dollar is about all is costs don't you dare miss it come see Waylon|Country
johnnycash|Austin Prison|They had a warrant out for me all over the country And I was trying to beat the raps in Idaho I was breaking into a schoolhouse Sunday morning without warning When I saw the sheriff coming for me slow from down below  His steel grey eyes were blazing when he saw me His hand was on his gun when he rode up He said you killed that woman I know you shot her why'd you do it I'm taking you to Austin then I'm gonna lock you up  Well he tied me with a plow line the next morning And he had me deep in Texas the next day A crazy screaming lynch mob waited in the streets of Austin But he put me in the jailhouse and he threw the key away  A jury found me guilty three months later twelve evil men with murder in their eyes They even took me out and said now show us where you killed her And that wicked judge said now I here by sentence you to die But here I am far away from Austin prison my friend the jailer handed me a file Now all I want between me and there are a lot of friendly people And miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles|Country
johnnycash|Take Me Home|Well I've been from Boston to LA seen Boulder Dam and Frisco Bay I seen New York City and Washington Seen Montreal and Saskatchewan and Rhode Island And I've worked in three all night service stations and I drove a truck  Take me home my heart is heavy and my feet are sore Take me home I don't wanna roam no more  Well I slept all night in a water trough Had the flu and the croup and the whoopin' cough Had the mumps and the measles and the seven years itch And I can't count the times that I've had a cold and a sore throat Not to mention all the times that I cut my fingers on a sardine can  Take me home my heart is heavy...  Well I can just see 'em all now just a gatherin' round Mama's supper table when the sun goes down And my good old pappy when the blessing is said Fillin' up his plate with black eyed peas and all that stuff and side meat And a great big hunk of my dear sweet mama's hot buttered cornbread  Take me home my heart is heavy... Take me home my heart is heavy...|Country
johnnycash|Please Don't Play Red River Valley|Well I see you got yourself a brand new harmonica Mail ordered from the Steagal's catalogue Boy I hope you can learn to play it like Lonnie Glossom And while you added you to oughta learn a verse or two Of Red River Valley Oh My Darling Clementine or Salty Dog Oh but please don't play Red River Valley And how about Polly Wolly doodle all day and see You know the only song I ever learned to play on my 2 dollar and 98 cent harmonica That I got from Wayne Raney in Clint Texas C-L-I-N-T Clint Texas was Red River Valley Then she said farewell to my french harp and me  Well I see you're doin' pretty good on your new harmonica But don't you think you oughta learn about one more tune you know See you hold it like you's gonna eat a handful of popcorn And sometime you suck in and sometimes you blow But friend now please don't play Red River Valley And how about Polly Wolly doodle all day Like I said the only song I ever learnd On my 2 dollar and 98 cent harmonica that I got from Clint Texas From Wayne Raney in Clint Texas was Red River Valley Oh then she said farewell to my french harp and me|Country
johnnycash|Boa Constrictor|I'm getting swallowed by a Boa Constrictor By a Boa Constrictor by a Boa Constrictor I'm getting swallowed by a Boa Constrictor and I don't like snakes one bit What do you know he's swallowed my toe oh gee he's up to my knee Oh my he's up to my thigh oh yummy he's up to my tummy Oh fiddle he's up to my middle oh glum he's mashing my lungs Now look here snake I don't look good with this long tail on me It's all about I can say snake except give me a break snake My torso's cold and it's startin' to mould Boa Constrictor how much can you hold Oh yes he's up to my chest oh heck he's up to my neck Nearly all in he's up to my chin oh dread he's swallowed my...excuse me|Country
johnnycash|I Won't Back Down|Well I won't back down, no I won't back down You can stand me up at the gates of hell But I won't back down  Gonna stand my ground, won't be turned around And I'll keep this world from draggin' me down Gonna stand my ground and I won't back down  Hey baby, there ain't no easy way out Hey I will stand my ground and I won't back down  Well I know what's right, I got just one life In a world that keeps on pushin' me around But I stand my ground and I won't back down  Hey baby, there ain't no easy way out Hey I will stand my ground and I won't back down No I won't back down.|Country
johnnycash|Solitary Man|Belinda was mine 'Til the time That I found her Holdin' Jim And lovin' him  Then Sue came along, Loved me strong, That's what I thought Me and Sue, But that died, too.  Don't know that I will But until I can find me A girl who'll stay And won't play Games behind me I'll be what I am A solitary man Solitary man  I've had it to here Being where Love's a small word A part-time thing A paper ring  I know it's been done Havin' one Girl who loved me Right or wrong Weak or strong  Don't know that I will But until I can find me The girl who'll stay And won't play Games behind me I'll be what I am A solitary man A solitary man  Don't know that I will But until Love can find me And the girl who'll stay And won't play Games behind me I'll be what I am A solitary man A solitary man Solitary man|Country
johnnycash|Joe Bean|Last time we were here at Folsom Prison they were hanging Joe Bean Is Joe still here...Joe Bean?  Hang the son of a bitch anyways, right?    Well, they're hanging Joe Bean this morning for killing a man in Arkansas Funny thing about it Joe Bean has never been to Arkansas On top of that, Joe Bean never heard of the man In fact, today is Joe Bean's twentieth birthday  See through the prison bars Joe Bean, see where the gallows stand Just twenty short years from the day you were born you died by the hangman's hand.    Yes, they're hanging Joe Bean this morning for a shooting that he never did He killed 20 men, by the time he was 10, he was an unruly kid.  Yes, they're hanging Joe Bean for the one shooting that Joe Bean never did.    Well, Joe - your mother is at the Capitol asking the governor for a stay And it's hard on her 'cause she knows where you were, on that particular day You were working Joe Bean, hard working, robbing the Santa Fe.  Well, the telegraph wires are humming Here, the governor's words come through He said, "I can't set you free, it's not up to me, but there's much, Joe Bean, I'll do I'll join your mother in extending Birthday greetings to you Happy Birthday, Joe Bean."|Country
johnnycash|One|Is it getting better Or do you feel the same? Will it make it easier on you now If you've got someone to blame?  You said one love One life When it's one need In the night One love we get to share it It leaves you, baby, if you don't care for it  Did I disappoint you Or leave a bad taste in your mouth? You act like you never had love And you want me to go without  Well, it's too late Tonight To drag the past out Into the light We're one but we're not the same We get to carry each other Carry each other One  Have you come here for forgiveness? Have you come to raise the dead? Have you come here to play Jesus To the lepers in your head?  Did I ask too much? More than a lot? You gave me nothing now It's all I got We're one but we're not the same Well, we hurt each other and we're doing it again  You said love is a temple Love the higher law Love is a temple Love the higher law  You ask me to enter But then you make me crawl I can't be holding on To what you've got When all you've got is hurt  One love One blood One life You've got to do what you should One life with each other Sister Brothers One life but we're not the same We get to carry each other Carry each other One|Country
johnnycash|Nobody|When life seems full Of clouds and rain And I'm full Of nothin' but pain Who soothes my thumpin', bumpin' brain? Nobody  When wintertime comes With its snow and sleet And me with hunger And cold feet Who says "Here's two bits, go and eat"? Nobody  Well, I ain't never done nothin' to nobody I ain't never got nothin' from nobody, no time And until I get something from somebody, sometime I don't intend to do nothin' for nobody, no time  When summertime comes All warm and clear And my friends see me Drawin' near Who says "Come on in and have a beer"? Nobody  Well, one time when things was lookin' bright I started to whittlin' on a stick one night Who said "Hey! That's dynamite!"? Nobody  Mmmm, I ain't never done nothin' to nobody I ain't never got nothin' from nobody, no time And until I get something from somebody, sometime I don't intend to do nothin' for nobody, no time  I ain't never done nothin' to nobody I ain't never got nothin' from nobody, no time And until I get something from somebody, sometime I don't intend to do nothin' for nobody, no time|Country
johnnycash|I See a Darkness|Well, you're my friend and can you see, Many times we've been out drinkin', Many times we've shared our thoughts, But did you ever, ever notice, the kind of thoughts I got?  Well, you know I have a love, a love for everyone I know. And you know I have a drive to live, I won't let go. But can you see this opposition comes rising up sometimes? That it's dreadful imposition, comes blacking in my mind.  And that I see a darkness. And that I see a darkness. And that I see a darkness. And that I see a darkness.  Did you know how much I love you? Is a hope that somehow you, Can save me from this darkness.  Well, I hope that someday, buddy, we have peace in our lives. Together or apart, alone or with our wives. And we can stop our whoring and pull the smiles inside. And light it up forever and never go to sleep. My best unbeaten brother, this isn't all I see.  Oh, no, I see a darkness. Oh, no, I see a darkness. Oh, no, I see a darkness. Oh, no, I see a darkness.  Did you know how much I love you? Is a hope that somehow you, Can save me from this darkness.|Country
johnnycash|The Mercy Seat|It all began when they took me from my home and put me on Death Row. A crime for which I am totally innocent, you know.  I began to warm and chill To objects and their fields, A ragged cup, a twisted mop The face of Jesus in my soup Those sinister dinner deals The meal trolley's wicked wheels A hooked bone rising from my food And all things either good or ungood.  And the mercy seat is waiting And I think my head is burning And in a way I'm yearning To be done with all this weighing of the truth. An eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth And anyway I told the truth And I'm not afraid to die.  I hear stories from the chamber Christ was born into a manger And like some ragged stranger He died upon the cross Might I say It seems so fitting in its way He was a carpenter by trade Or at least that's what I'm told  My kill-hand's tattooed "E.V.I.L." Across its brother's fist That filthy five! They did nothing to challenge or resist.  In Heaven His throne is made of gold The Ark of his Testament is stowed A throne from which I'm told All history does unfold. It's made of wood and wire And my body is on fire And God is never far away.  Into the mercy seat I climb My head is shaved, my head is wired And like a moth that tries To enter the bright eye I go shuffling out of life Just to hide in death awhile And anyway I never lied.  And the mercy seat is waiting And I think my head is burning And in a way I'm yearning To be done with all this weighing of the truth. An eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth And anyway I told the truth And I'm not afraid to die  And the mercy seat is burning And I think my head is glowing And in a way I'm hopin' To be done with all this twistin' of the truth. An eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth And any way there was no proof And I'm not afraid to die  And the mercy seat is glowing And I think my head is smoking And in a way I'm hopin' To be done with all these looks of disbelief. A life for a life And a truth for a truth And I've got nothin' left to lose. And I'm not afraid to die  And the mercy seat is smoking And I think my head is melting And in a way that's helpin' To be done with all this twistin' of the truth An eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth And any way I told the truth But I'm afraid I told a lie.|Country
johnnycash|Field of Diamonds|Field of diamonds in the sky,  worlds are whirling right on by.  Are you wondering who am I? Fields of diamonds in the sky.  Am I just a star in some crown?  Or someone's life sun going down, down, down?  Field of diamonds in the sky,  silent beauty shining high.  Are you tears the angels cry? Field of diamonds in the sky   Field of diamonds in the sky,  like the night you pass me by.  I could touch you if I tried,  fields of diamonds in the sky.  Am I just a star in some crown?  Or someone's life sun going down, down, down?   Field of diamonds in the sky,  silent beauty shining high.  Are you tears the angels cry? Field of diamonds in the sky.|Country
johnnycash|Before My Time|I know that hearts were loving Long before I was here And I'm not the first to ever cry In my bed or in my beer There were songs before there was radio Of love that stays and love that goes They were writing melancholy tunes And tearful words that rhyme Before my time Before my time  There were songs in old dusty books Of love that's always been Sweet lovers in their glory Who are now gone with the wind Old fashion love words spoken then Keep coming back around again Nothings changed except the names Their love burns just like mine Before my time Before my time  And in the dim of yesterday I can clearly see That flesh and blood cried out to someone As it does in me And there was some old song that said I love you 'til I die Before my time Before my time  But what the old time masters had Is what I feel for you Love is love and doesn't change In a century or two If someway they had seen and knew How it would be for me and you They'd wish for love like yours And they would wish for love like mine Before my time Before my time|Country
johnnycash|As Long as the Grass Shall Grow|As long as the moon shall rise as long as the rivers flow  As long as the sun will shine as long as the grass shall grow  The Senecas are an Indian tribe of the Iroquios nation  Down on the New York Pennsylvania Line you'll find their reservation  After the US revolution cornplanter was a chief  He told the tribe these men they could trust that was his true belief  He went down to Independence Hall and there was a treaty signed  That promised peace with the USA and Indian rights combined  George Washington gave his signature the Government gave its hand  They said that now and forever more that this was Indian land  As long as the moon shall rise...  On the Seneca reservation there is much sadness now  Washington's treaty has been broken and there is no hope no how  Across the Allegheny River they're throwing up a dam  It will flood the Indian country a proud day for Uncle Sam  It has broke the ancient treaty with a politician's grin  It will drown the Indians graveyards cornplanter can you swim  The earth is mother to the the Senecas they're trampling sacred ground  Change the mint green earth to black mud flats as honor hobbles down  As long as the moon shall rise...  The Iroquios Indians used to rule from Canada way south  But no one fears the Indians now and smiles the liar's mouth  The Senecas hired an expert to figure another site  But the great good army engineers said that he had no right  Although he showed them another plan and showed them another way  They laughed in his face and said no deal Kinuza dam is here to stay  Congress turned the Indians down brushed off the Indians plea  So the Senecas have renamed the dam they call it Lake Perfidy  As long as the moon shall rise...  Washington Adams and Kennedy now hear their pledges ring  The treaties are safe we'll keep our word but what is that gurgling  It's the back water from Perfidy Lake it's rising all the time  Over the homes and over the fields and over the promises fine  No boats will sail on Lake Perfidy in winter it will fill  In summer it will be a swamp and all the fish will kill  But the Government of the USA has corrected George's vow  The father of our country must be wrong what's an Indian anyhow  As long as the moon shall rise (look up) as long as the rivers flow (are you thirsty)  As long as the sun will shine (my brother are you warm) as long as the grass shall grow|Country
johnnycash|Apache Tears|Hoof prints and foot prints, deep ruts the wagons made The victor and the loser came by here No head stones, but these bones bring the mascalero death moans See the smooth black nuggets by the thousands lying here Petrified, but justified are these apache tears  Dead grass, dry roots, hunger crying in the night Ghost of broken hearts and laws are here And who saw the young squaw, they judged by their whiskey law Tortured till she died of pain and fear Where the soldiers lay her back, are the black apache tears  The young men, the old men, the guilty and the innocent Bled red blood and chilled alike with fears The red men, the white men, no fight ever took this land So don't raise the dust when you pass here They're sleeping and in my keeping are these apache tears|Country
johnnycash|Country Trash|I got a crib full of corn and a turnin' plow, But the ground's too wet for the hopper now. Got a cultivator and a doubletree,<i>[1]</i> A leather line for the haw and gee.<i>[2]</i> Let the thunder roll and the lightnin' flash, I'm doin' alright for country trash.  I'm saving up dimes for a rainy day, I got about a dollar laid away. The wind's from the south and the fishing's good, Got a potbelly stove a cord<i>[3]</i> of wood. Mama turns the left-overs into hash, I'm doin' alright for country trash.  I got a mackinaw<i>[4]</i> and a huntin' dog. A cap I ordered from the catalog. A big tall tree that shades the yard, A big fat sow for the winter's lard. Let the thunder roll and the lightnin' flash, I'm doin' alright for country trash.  Well there's not much new ground left to plow, And crops need fertilizin' now. My hands don't earn me too much gold, For security when I grow old. But we'll all be equal under the grass, And God's got a heaven for country trash. And God's got a heaven for country trash. I'll be doin' alright for country trash.  <i>[A doubletree is a crossbar on a wagon or carriage to which two whiffletrees are attached for harnessing two animals abreast.]</i> <i>[When training animals, such as horses or oxen, the command to turn left is "haw" and the command to turn right is "gee."]</i> <i>[Firewood is measured in cords. One cord, also commonly called a full cord, is defined as 128 cubic feet, corresponding to a woodpile 4 feet wide × 4 feet high × 8 feet long.]</i> <i>[A mackinaw is type of jacket.]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Custer|Now I will tell you buster that I ain't a fan of Custer  And the General he don't ride well anymore  To some he was a hero but to me his score was zero  And the General he don't ride well anymore  Now Custer done his fightin' without too much excitin'  And the General he don't ride well anymore  General Custer come in pumpin' when the men were out a huntin'  But the General he don't ride well anymore  With victories he was swimmin' he killed children dogs and women  But the General he don't ride well anymore  Crazy Horse sent out the call to Sitting Bull and Gall  And the General he don't ride well anymore  Now Custer split his men well he won't do that again  Cause the General he don't ride well anymore  Twelve thousand warriors waited they were unanticipated  And the General he don't ride well anymore  It's not called an Indian victory but a bloody massacre  And the General he don't ride well anymore  There might have been more enthusin' if us Indians had been losin'  But the General he don't ride well anymore  General George A.Custer oh his yellow hair had lustre  But the General he don't ride well anymore  For now the General's silent he got barbered violent  And the General he don't ride well anymore  Oh the General he don't ride well anymore|Country
johnnycash|Mary of the Wild Moor|It was on one cold winter night, When the wind blew across the wild moor. When Mary came wandering home with a child, 'Til she came to her own father's door.  "Father, dear father," she cried, "Come down and open the door, Or the child in my arms will perish and die, From the winds that blow across the wild moor."  But her father was deaf to her cry. Not a sound of a voice did he hear. So the watchdog did howl and the village bells tolled, And the wind blew across the wild moor.  Oh, how the old man must have felt, When he came to the door the next morn', And he found Mary dead but the child still alive, Closely grasping its dead mother's arms.  In grief, the old man passed away, And the child, to it's mother, went soon. And no one, they say, lives there to this day, And the cottage, to ruin, has gone.  But the villagers point out the spot, Where the willows grew over the door. Saying, "There Mary died, once the gay village bride, From the wind that blow across the wild moor."|Country
johnnycash|Wayfaring Stranger|I'm just a poor wayfarin' stranger, Travelin' through this world below. There is no sickness, no toil, no danger, In that bright land to which I go. I'm goin' there to see my father. And all my loved ones who've gone on.  I'm just goin' over Jordan. I'm just goin' over home.  I know dark clouds will gather 'round me, I know my way is hard and steep. But beauteous fields arise before me, Where God's redeemed, their vigils keep. I'm goin' there to see my mother. She said she'd meet me when I come.  So, I'm just goin' over Jordan. I'm just goin' over home.  I'm just goin' over Jordan. I'm just goin' over home.|Country
johnnycash|The Ballad of Ira Hayes|Ira Hayes,  Ira Hayes  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Call him drunken Ira Hayes He won't answer anymore Not the whiskey drinkin' Indian  Nor the Marine that went to war  Gather round me people there's a story I would tell About a brave young Indian you should remember well From the land of the Pima Indian  A proud and noble band Who farmed the Phoenix valley in Arizona land  Down the ditches for a thousand years  The water grew Ira's peoples' crops 'Till the white man stole the water rights  And the sparklin' water stopped  Now Ira's folks were hungry  And their land grew crops of weeds When war came, Ira volunteered  And forgot the white man's greed  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Call him drunken Ira Hayes He won't answer anymore Not the whiskey drinkin' Indian  Nor the Marine that went to war  There they battled up Iwo Jima's hill,  Two hundred and fifty men But only twenty-seven lived to walk back down again  And when the fight was over  And when Old Glory raised Among the men who held it high  Was the Indian, Ira Hayes  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Call him drunken Ira Hayes He won't answer anymore Not the whiskey drinkin' Indian  Nor the Marine that went to war  Ira returned a hero  Celebrated through the land He was wined and speeched and honored; Everybody shook his hand  But he was just a Pima Indian No water, no crops, no chance At home nobody cared what Ira'd done  And when did the Indians dance  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Call him drunken Ira Hayes He won't answer anymore Not the whiskey drinkin' Indian  Nor the Marine that went to war  Then Ira started drinkin' hard; Jail was often his home They'd let him raise the flag and lower it like you'd throw a dog a bone!  He died drunk one mornin'  Alone in the land he fought to save Two inches of water in a lonely ditch  Was a grave for Ira Hayes  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Call him drunken Ira Hayes He won't answer anymore Not the whiskey drinkin' Indian  Nor the Marine that went to war  Yeah, call him drunken Ira Hayes  But his land is just as dry And his ghost is lyin' thirsty  In the ditch where Ira died|Country
johnnycash|Drums|From the Indian reservation to the governmental school  Well they're goin' to educate me to the white men's Golden Rule  And I'm learning very quickly for I've learned to be ashamed  And I come when they call Billy though I've got an Indian name  And there are drums beyond the mountain Indian drums that you can't hear  There are drums beyond the mountain and they're getting mighty near  And when they think that they'd changed me cut my hair to meet their needs  Will they think I'm white or Indian quarter blood or just half breed  Let me tell you Mr teacher when you say you'll make me right  In five hundred years of fighting not one Indian turned white  And there are drums...  Well you thought that I knew nothing when you brought me here to school  Just another empty Indian just America's first fool  But now I can tell you stories that are burnt and dried and old  But in the shadow of their telling walks the thunder proud and bold  And there are drums...  Long Pine and Sequoia Handsome Lake and Sitting Bull  There's Magnus Colorado with his sleeves so red and full  Crazy Horse the legend those who bit off Custer's soul  They are dead yet they are living with the great Geronimo  And there are drums...  Well you may teach me this land's hist'ry but we taught it to you first  We broke your hearts and bent your journeys broken treaties left us cursed  Even now you have to cheat us even though you this us tame  In our losing we found proudness in your winning you found shame  And there are drums...|Country
johnnycash|White Girl|I am stunned and I am broken and my head is in my hand  For she who said she love me will not wed an Indian man  My Gods who were wild ridden stand quiet by my side  For although I loved her she would not be my bride  Oh goodbye softly sweet one it was splended while it ran  Goodbye my bitter white girl I'll forget you if I can  She came up to the pueblo with her bright blonde hair  They told me not to love her but I did not care  She took me to her parties she carried me around  And I was a proud one the tallest man in town  For I found great wonder all wrapped in brilliant dreams  I held her strong but gentle as kings have held their queens  I learned to drink strong whiskey as she took me here and there  Until life without my whiskey I could not bear  Oh goodbye softly sweet one...   Well when she came to leave me she took me by the arm  And she said she loved me and would not do me harm  But she would not marry not an Indian she said  She thanked me for my offer and I wished that I was dead  Now I'm back among my people and they are kind to me  Although I'm sad with staggers when I drink that tough whiskey  For I've been a white girl's pet a captive Indian  Shown off and discarded just a drunk who might have been  Oh goodbye softly sweet one...  Goodbye softly sweet one...|Country
johnnycash|The Vanishing Race|Ii Ii ou Ii Ii Ii ou Ii Ii ou  Oh wagon trains rollin' along they fade from my visions and in time will be gone  I see an eagle in space my people will follow oh oh a vanishing race  Ii Ii ou Ii Ii Ii ou Ii Ii ou  An Indian brave rolled along one day on a lonely mountain trail  And he gazed below with a heart of woe where the prairie schooners sail  A vision formed like a mortal storm in the dust of the wagon train  A vanishing race appeared in space and he sang his sad refrain  Ii Ii ou Ii Ii Ii ou Ii Ii ou  Oh wagon trains rollin' along...  Oh now great spirits on high please spare them the sorrow you show to my eye oh oh  Now my blankets are roll and I ride to the valley of the brave Navajo oh oh  Ii Ii ou Ii Ii Ii ou Ii Ii ou  And I ride to the valley of the brave Navajo oh oh  Oh oh a vanishing Navajo oh the vanishing Navajo  Ii Ii ou Ii Ii Ii ou Ii Ii ou|Country
johnnycash|There You Go|You're gonna break another heart, you're gonna tell another lie Well here I am and there you go, you're gone again I know you're gonna be the way you've always been Breakin' hearts and tellin' lies is all you know Another guy gives you the eye and there you go There you go, you're gone again I should have known, I couldn't win There you go, you're by his side You're gonna break another heart, you're gonna tell another lie  Because I love you so I take much more than I should take I want you even though I know my heart is gonna break You build me up and for a while I'm all a-glow Then your fickle heart sees someone else and there you go Thre you go, you're gone again I should have known, I couldn't win There you go, you're by his side You're gonna break another heart, you're gonna tell another lie|Country
johnnycash|Wreck of the Old 97|Well they gave him his orders at Monroe, Virginia, Said: "Steve, you're way behind time, "This is not 38, this is Ol' 97, "Put her into Spencer on time."  Then he turned around and said to his black, greasy fireman, "Shovel on a little more coal. "And when we cross that White Oak mountain, "Watch Ol' '97 roll."  And then a telegram come from Washington station, This is how it read: "Oh that brave engineer that run ol 97,  "Is lyin in old Danville dead."  'Cos he was going down a grade making 90 miles an hour, The whistle broke into a scream. He was found in the wreck with his hand on the throttle, Scalded to death by the steam.  One more time!  Oh, now all you ladies you'd better take a warning, From this time on and learn. Never speak hard words to your true-lovin' husband. He may leave you and never return.  Poor Boy.|Country
johnnycash|Blue Train|There's an engine at the station and the whistle calls my name It's callin' callin' callin', 'Come and get aboard the train.' My baby's gone and I'm alone to live in misery I'm gonna call and make a reservation for me  Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train  I'm gonna climb aboard and ride until I learn to smile I'll be knockin' out the blues while I'm knockin' out the miles With my guitar, beat and rythm, to the click-clack of the wheels I'm gonna sing the blues 'cause that's the way that I feel  Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train  Conductor, go and tell the man to shovel on the coal--- It doesn't seem half as bad as long as I can roll Give me another ticket and I'll stay and ride with you There's nothing left to live for in this world we're rollin' through  Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train Gonna ride a blue train, gonna ride a blue train|Country
johnnycash|Come in Stranger|She said come in stranger It's good to have you home I hurried thru 'cause I knew it was you When I saw your dog, waggin' his tail Honey, why didn't you let me know by mail You've been gone so long  She said come in stranger I know you're weary from all your miles Just sit right there in your easy chair And tell me all about the places you've been How long it'll be before you leave again I hope it's a long, long while  She said come in stranger Everything 'round home is fine I've watched and I've waited for you to get back And I missed you all the time  She said come in, stranger Oh how I need you when you're gone I walk the floor and I watch the door And when I lie awake and wonder where you can be I'd give anything to have you here with me I get so lonesome all alone  She said come in, stranger And won't you listen to my plea Stay long enough, so that the one I love Is not a stranger to me|Country
johnnycash|Train of Love|Train of love's a-comin', big black wheels a-hummin' People waitin' at the station, happy hearts are drummin' Trainman tell me maybe, ain't you got my baby Every so often everybody's baby gets the urge to roam But everybody's baby but mine's comin' home.  Now stop your whistle blowin', 'cause I got ways of knowin' Your bringin' other people's lovers, but my own keeps goin' Train of love's deceivin', when she's not gone she's leavin' Every so often everybody's baby gets the urge to roam But everybody's baby but mine's comin' home  Train of love's now hastin', sweethearts standin' waitin' Here and there and everywhere, there's going to be embracin' Trainman tell me maybe, ain't you got my baby Every so often everybody's baby gets the urge to roam But everybody's baby but mine's comin' home  Train of love's a-leavin', leavin' my heart grievin' But early or late, I sit and wait, because I'm still believin' We'll walk away together, though I may wait forever Every so often everybody's baby gets the urge to roam But everybody's baby but mine's comin' home|Country
johnnycash|For the Good Times|Don't look so sad, I know it's over. But life goes on, and this old world will keep on turning. Let's just be glad we had some time to spend together. There's no need to watch the bridges that we're burning.  Lay your head upon my pillow. Hold your warm and tender body close to mine. Hear the whisper of the raindrops, Blowin' soft against the window, And make believe you love me one more time, For the good times.  I'll get along; you'll find another, And I'll be here if you should find you ever need me. Don't say a word about tomorrow or forever, There'll be time enough for sadness when you leave me.  Lay your head upon my pillow. Hold your warm and tender body close to mine. Hear the whisper of the raindrops, Blowin' soft against the window, And make believe you love me one more time, For the good times.|Country
johnnycash|I Corinthians 15:55|O Death, where is thy sting? O Grave, where is they victory? O Life, you are a shining path. And hope springs eternal, just over the rise, When I see my redeemer beckoning me.  Oh row my ship over the waves of your sea Let me find a safe port now and then Don't let the dark one in your sanctuary Until it's time to pack it in  O, row, row my ship With the fire of your breath And don't lay a broadside on your ship as yet Blow ye warm winds When it's chilly and wet And don't come to soon yet For collecting my debt  O Death, where is thy sting? O Grave, where is they victory? O Life, you are a shining path. And hope springs eternal, just over the rise, When I see my redeemer beckoning me.  Oh let me sail on With my ship to the East And keep my eye on the North Star When the journey is no good for man or for beast I'll be safe wherever you are  Just let me sail into your harbor of lights And there and forever to cast out my night Give me my task And let me do it right And do it with all of my might  O Death, where is thy sting? O Grave, where is they victory? O Life, you are a shining path. And hope springs eternal, just over the rise, When I see my redeemer beckoning me.|Country
johnnycash|The Man Comes Around|And I heard, as it were, the noise of thunder: one of the four beasts saying: "Come and see." And I saw. And behold, a white horse.  There's a man goin' 'round takin' names. And he decides who to free and who to blame. Everybody won't be treated all the same. There'll be a golden ladder reaching down. When the man comes around.  The hairs on your arm will stand up At the terror in each sip and in each sup. Will you partake of that last offered cup Or disappear into the potter's ground When the man comes around?  Hear the trumpets, hear the pipers. One hundred million angels singin'. Multitudes are marching to the big kettle drum. Voices callin', voices cryin'. Some are born and some are dyin'. It's Alpha and Omega's Kingdom come.  And the whirlwind is in the thorn tree. The virgins are all trimming their wicks. The whirlwind is in the thorn tree. It's hard for thee to kick against the pricks.  'Til Armageddon, no Shalam, no Shalom. Then the father hen will call his chickens home. The wise men will bow down before the throne. And at his feet they'll cast their golden crowns When the man comes around.  Whoever is unjust, let him be unjust still. Whoever is righteous, let him be righteous still. Whoever is filthy, let him be filthy still. Listen to the words long-written down, When the man comes around.  Hear the trumpets, hear the pipers. One hundred million angels singin'. Multitudes are marchin' to the big kettle drum. Voices callin', voices cryin'. Some are born and some are dyin'. It's Alpha and Omega's Kingdom come.  And the whirlwind is in the thorn tree. The virgins are all trimming their wicks. The whirlwind is in the thorn tree. It's hard for thee to kick against the pricks.  In measured hundredweight and penny pound When the man comes around.  And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts, and I looked and behold: a pale horse. And his name, that sat on him, was Death. And Hell followed with him.|Country
johnnycash|Hurt|I hurt myself today To see if I still feel I focus on the pain The only thing that's real The needle tears a hole The old familiar sting Try to kill it all away But I remember everything  What have I become My sweetest friend Everyone I know goes away In the end And you could have it all My empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt  I wear this crown of thorns Upon my liar's chair Full of broken thoughts I cannot repair Beneath the stains of time The feelings disappear You are someone else I am still right here  What have I become My sweetest friend Everyone I know goes away In the end And you could have it all My empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt  If I could start again A million miles away I would keep myself I would find a way|Country
johnnycash|Bridge Over Troubled Water|When you're weary, Feeling small, When tears are in your eyes, I will dry them all; I'm on your side.  Oh, when times get rough And friends just can't be found, Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down. Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down.  When you're down and out, When you're on the street, When evening falls so hard I will comfort you. I'll take your part.  When darkness comes And pain is all around, Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down. Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down.  Sail on, silvergirl, Sail on by. Your time has come to shine. All your dreams are on their way. See how they shine.  If you need a friend I'm sailing right behind. Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind. Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind.|Country
johnnycash|I Hung My Head|Early one morning With time to kill I borrowed Jebb's rifle And sat on the hill I saw a lone rider Crossing the plain I drew a bead on him To practise my aim  My brother's rifle Went off in my hand A shot rang out Across the land The horse, he kept running The rider was dead I hung my head I hung my head  I set off running To wake from the dream My brother's rifle Went into the sheen I kept on running Into the south lands That's where they found me My head in my hands  The sheriff he asked me Why had I run And then it came to me Just what I had done And all for no reason Just one piece of lead I hung my head I hung my head  Here in the court house The whole town was there I see the judge High up in his chair "Explain to the courtroom What went through your mind. And we'll ask the jury What verdict they find."  I felt the power Of death over life I orphaned his children I widowed his wife I begged their forgiveness I wish I was dead I hung my head I hung my head  I hung my head I hung my head  Early one morning With time to kill I see the gallows Upon a hill And out in the distance A trick of the brain I see a lone rider Crossing the plain  And he'd come to fetch me To see what they'd done And we'd ride together To Kingdom come I prayed for God's mercy For soon I'd be dead I hung my head I hung my head  I hung my head I hung my head|Country
johnnycash|First Time Ever I Saw Your Face|The first time ever I saw your face, I thought the sun rose in your eyes. And the moon and stars were the gifts you gave, To the dark and the endless sky, my love.  And the first time ever I kissed your mouth, I felt the earth move through my hands. Like the trembling heart of a captive bird That was there at my command.  And the first time ever I lay with you, I felt your heart so close to mine. And I know our joy would fill the earth, And last 'til the end of time, my love.  The first time ever I saw your face.|Country
johnnycash|Can't Help but Wonder Where I'm Bound|It's a long and dusty road, It's a hot and a heavy load and the folks I meet ain't always kind Some are bad and some are good Some have done the best they could Some have tried to ease my troubled mind  And I can't help but wonder Where I'm bound, where I'm bound Can't help but wonder where I'm bound  I've been wanderin' through this land just a-doin' the best I can Tryin' to find what I was meant to do And the people that I see look as worried as can be And it looks like they are wonderin' too (To Chorus)  We, I had a little girl one time, she had lips like sherry wine And she loved me till my head went plumb insane But I was too blind to see she was driftin' away from me And my good gal went off on the morning train (To Chorus)  If you see me passing by and you sit and you wonder why and you wish that you were rambling too Nail your shoes to the kitchen floor, lace 'em up and bar the door Thank your stars for the roof that's over you  And I can't help but wonder Where I'm bound, where I'm bound Can't help but wonder where I'm bound|Country
johnnycash|A Satisfied Mind|How many times have You heard someone say If I had his money I could do things my way  But little they know That it's so hard to find One rich man in ten With a satisfied mind  Once I was winning In fortune and fame Everything that I dreamed for To get a start in life's game  Then suddenly it happened I lost every dime But I'm richer by far With a satisfied mind  Money can't buy back Your youth when you're old Or a friend when you're lonely Or a love that's grown cold  The wealthiest person Is a pauper at times Compared to the man With a satisfied mind  When my life has ended And my time has run out My friends and my loved ones I'll leave there's no doubt  But one thing's for certain When it comes my time I'll leave this old world With a satisfied mind  How many times have You heard someone say If I had his money I could do things my way  But little they know That it's so hard to find One rich man in ten With a satisfied mind|Country
johnnycash|Personal Jesus|Your own personal Jesus Someone to hear your prayers, Someone who cares  Your own personal Jesus Someone to hear your prayers, Someone who's there  Feeling unknown And you're all alone, Flesh and bone, By the telephone, Lift up the receiver, I'll make you a believer  Take second best, Put me to the test, Things on your chest, You need to confess, I will deliver, You know I'm a forgiver  Reach out and touch faith Reach out and touch faith  Your own personal Jesus Someone to hear your prayers, Someone who cares  Your own personal Jesus Someone to hear your prayers, Someone to care  Feeling unknown And you're all alone, Flesh and bone, By the telephone, Lift up the receiver, I'll make you a believer I will deliver, You know I'm a forgiver  Reach out and touch faith Reach out and touch faith Reach out and touch faith  Reach out and touch faith|Country
johnnycash|I Don't Hurt Anymore|It don't hurt anymore All my teardrops have dried No more walkin' the floor With that burnin' inside Just to think it could be Time has opened the door And at last I am free I don't hurt anymore  No use to deny I wanted to die The day you said we were through But now that I find you're out of my mind I can't believe that it's true I've forgotten somehow That I cared so before And it's wonderful now I don't hurt anymore  No use to deny I wanted to die The day you said we were through But now that I find you're out of my mind I can't believe that it's true I've forgotten somehow That I cared so before And it's wonderful now I don't hurt anymore|Country
johnnycash|Cool Water|All day I've faced a barren waste Without the taste of water, cool water Old Dan and I with throats burnt dry And souls that cry for water Cool, clear, water  Keep a-movin, Dan, don'tcha listen to him, Dan He's a devil, not a man And he spreads the burning sand with water Dan, can ya see that big, green tree? Where the water's runnin' free And it's waitin' there for me and you? It's water, cool, clear water.  The nights are cool and I'm a fool Each star's a pool of water Cool water But with the dawn I'll wake and yawn And carry on to water Cool, clear, water  Keep a-movin, Dan, don'tcha listen to him, Dan He's a devil, not a man And he spreads the burning sand with water Dan, can ya see that big, green tree? Where the water's runnin' free And it's waitin' there for me and you?  It's water, cool, clear, water Cool, clear, water Cool, clear, water|Country
johnnycash|Last Night I Had the Strangest Dream|Last night I had the strangest dream I've ever known before I dreamed that all the world agreed to put an end to war I dreamed I saw a mighty room, the room was filled with men And the papers they were signing said they'd never fight again  And when the papers were all signed, and a million copies made They all shook hands and bowed their heads and grateful prayers were prayed And the people in the streets below were dancing round and round While swords and guns and uniforms lay scattered on the ground  Last night I had the strangest dream I've ever known before I dreamed that all the world agreed to put an end to war|Country
johnnycash|In My Life|There are places I'll remember All my life though some have changed Some forever not for better Some have gone and some remain  All these places have their moments With lovers and friends I still can recall Some are dead and some are living In my life I've loved them all  But of all these friends and lovers There is no one compares with you And these memories lose their meaning When I think of love as something new  Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I love you more  Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I love you more In my life I love you more|Country
johnnycash|Desperado|Desperado, why don't you come to your senses? You been out ridin' fences for so long now. Oh, you're a hard one, But I know that you've got your reasons. These things, that are pleasin' you, Can hurt you somehow.  Don't you draw the queen of diamonds, boy, She'll beat you if she's able. Know the queen of hearts is always your best bet. Now it seems to me, some fine things, Have been laid upon your table. But you only want the things that you can't get.  Desperado, oh, you ain't gettin' no younger: Your pain and your hunger, they're drivin' you home. And freedom, oh, freedom, Well, that's just some people talkin' Your prison is walking Through this world all alone.  And don't your feet get cold in the winter time? The sky won't snow, the sun won't shine It's hard to tell the night time from the day You're losin' all your highs and lows Ain't it funny how the feeling goes away?  Desperado, why don't you come to your senses? Come down from your fences and open the gate It may be rainin', but there's a rainbow above you, You better let somebody love you, You better let somebody love you, You better let somebody love you, Before it's too late.|Country
johnnycash|I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry|Hear that lonesome whippoorwill? He sounds too blue to fly. The midnight train is whining low. I'm so lonesome I could cry.  I've never seen a night so long, When time goes crawling by. The moon just went behind a cloud To hide its face and cry.  Did you ever see a robin weep, When leaves begin to die? That means he's lost the will to live. I'm so lonesome I could cry.  The silence of a falling star Lights up a purple sky. And as I wonder where you are, I'm so lonesome I could cry. I'm so lonesome I could cry.|Country
johnnycash|Shepherd of My Heart|You're the shepherd of my heart so treat it tenderly  It's a heart that needs your everloving care  You're the shepherd of my heart until eternity lead it not into the valley of despair  While it's in your keeping guard it with your love  Shelter it from harm along life's way  You're the shepherd of my heart and darling honestly  It's a heart that will not ever go astray  You're the shepherd of my heart so surely you must know  You have but to speak and my heart will obey  It's at your command my dear because it loves you so  So my darling shepherd guide it where you may  If it be green pastures or a rocky road it will follow you and not ask why  You're the shepherd of my heart until the trumpet blows  And I go to meet the shepherd in the sky|Country
johnnycash|Tear Stained Letter|I'm gonna write a tear-stained letter, I'm gonna mail it straight to you. I'm gonna bring back to your mind, What you said about always bein' true.  About our secret hidin' places; Bein' daily satisfied. I can see you sittin' and readin' it, While you hang you head and cry. I just hope you're not so sad, 'Cause you're gonna go down suicide.  I'm gonna write a tear-stained letter: Put it special delivery. 'Cause it's gonna be full of stuff, That's only known to you and me.  'Bout how every time I get turned on, You turn me off and bring me down. It'll be about the darkest news, That ever did arrive in your hometown. It'll be about the saddest thing, Your mailman ever did bring around.  I'm gonna write a tear-stained letter, I'm gonna tell you one more time That you still could reconsider, And come back to bein' mine.  And if you think about what I'm sayin', It'd be hard to refuse. Just be sure you think a long time On the answer that you choose. It will be a most important piece Of personal private news.  I'm gonna write a tear-stained letter: Mark it "Personal Private News." And I hope you'll keep it to yourself, And don't go 'round cryin' the blues.  Givin' off a bad impression As to what went really wrong. When what it was was that suddenly, The music was all gone. And this man and woman got cut off, In the middle of our song.  I'm gonna write a tear-stained letter: I'm gonna put it to a tune. So I'll be sendin' with it A sweet melody for you.  And not some red-hot, upbeat zinger, That'll set your body on fire. But a hunk of love included, Meant to take you a little higher. And to settle on your sweet, sweet mind, At night when you retire.|Country
johnnycash|Supper-Time|Many years ago in days of childhood I used to play till evening shadows came Then winding down an old familiar pathway I hear my mother call at setting sun Come home come home it's suppertime the shadows lengthen fast Come home come home it's suppertime we're going home at last Through the distant clouds I see my mother Her face is shining bright, with tender love She's gone up in heaven, with her maker And I can still hear her voice, from up above (and she said) Come home come home it's suppertime the shadows lengthen fast Come home come home it's suppertime we're going home at last|Country
johnnycash|Drink to Me|Magnificent Johnny Cash      Get the ringtone     Share     Comments     Print     Correct  Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me  A rose, a carnation, the lily and an orchid make such a pretty bouquet (Drink to me, drink to me) But only the orchid was worthy of you, so I threw all the others away (Drink to me, drink to me) Then you took the orchid and you breathed on its petals  And after a day or two The flower still blooms but the scent's not the orchids It carries the savor of you  Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me  So if you're gonna drink to me, drink with your eyes And I'll never cry for wine (Drink to me, drink to me) Or leave a kiss in an empty coffee cup then pass it from your lips to mine (Drink to me, drink to me)  'Cause I've got a thirst burning way down in my soul And honey from a sugar tree Is not half as sweet as the air that you breathe Honey come here and drink to me  Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me|Country
johnnycash|We'll Meet Again|We'll meet again Don't know where Don't know when But I know We'll meet again Some sunny day  Keep smilin' through Just like you Always do 'Til the blue skies drive The dark clouds Far away  And will you please say "Hello" to the folks that I know Tell 'em that I won't be long And they'll be happy to know That as you saw me go I was singing this song  We'll meet again Don't know where Don't know when But I know We'll meet again Some sunny day  Yeah we'll meet again I don't know where I don't know when But I do know That we'll meet again Some sunny day  So, honey Keep on smilin' through Just like you always do 'Til the blue skies Drive the dark clouds Far away  And would you please say "Hello" To all the folks that I know And tell 'em I won't be long They'll be happy to know That as you saw me go I was singing this song  We'll meet again Don't know where Don't know when But I know We'll meet again Some sunny day|Country
johnnycash|The Man on the Hill|Will we get cold and hungry Will times be very bad? When we're needin' bread and meat Where we gonna get it, Dad?  We'll get it from the man In the house on the hill Yes we will from the man on the hill  Ploughin' time is over Still the fields are bare How we gonna make a livin' With twenty acres to share?  I'll beg for more land From the man on the hill Yes I will, I'll ask the man on the hill  I ain't got no Sunday shoes That I can wear to town Papa reckon the boss has got A pair of hand-me-downs  I'll go and ask the man In the house on the hill Yes I will, I'll ask the man on the hill  Maybe he will help us Maybe we'll get by But who's gonna pay the dyin' bills If we all should die  We'll leave it to the man In the sky when we die Yes we'll leave it to the man in the sky|Country
johnnycash|Guess Things Happen That Way|Well you ask me if I'll forget my baby. I guess I will, someday. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way. You ask me if I'll get along. I guess I will, someway. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way.  God gave me that girl to lean on,  then he put me on my own. Heaven help me be a man and have the strength to stand alone. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way.  You ask me if I'll miss her kisses. I guess I will, everyday. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way. You ask me if I'll find another. I don't know. I can't say. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way.  God gave me that girl to lean on, then he put me on my own. Heaven help me be a man and have the strength to stand alone. I don't like it but I guess things happen that way.|Country
johnnycash|All Over Again|Every time I look at you I fall in love, All over again Every time I think of you it all begins, All over again  One little dream at night and I can dream all day It only takes a memory to thrill me One little kiss from you and I just fly away Pour me out your love until you fill me  I want to fall in love beginning from the start, All over again Show me how you stole away my heart, All over again  One little dream at night and I can dream all day It only takes a memory to thrill me One little kiss from you and I just fly away Pour me out your love until you fill me  I want to fall in love beginning from the start, All over again Show me how you stole away my heart, All over again  All over again, All over again, All over again|Country
johnnycash|Five Feet High and Rising|My mama always taught me that good things come from adversity if we put our faith in the Lord. We couldn't see much good in the flood waters when they  were causing us to have to leave home,  But when the water went down, we found that it had washed a load of rich black bottom dirt across our land. The following year we had the best cotton crop we'd ever had.  I remember hearing:   How high's the water, mama? Two feet high and risin' How high's the water, papa?  Two feet high and risin'  We can make it to the road in a homemade boat That's the only thing we got left that'll float It's already over all the wheat and the oats,  Two feet high and risin'  How high's the water, mama?  Three feet high and risin' How high's the water, papa?  Three feet high and risin'  Well, the hives are gone,  I've lost my bees The chickens are sleepin' In the willow trees Cow's in water up past her knees,  Three feet high and risin'  How high's the water, mama?  Four feet high and risin' How high's the water, papa?  Four feet high and risin'  Hey, come look through the window pane, The bus is comin', gonna take us to the train Looks like we'll be blessed with a little more rain,  4 feet high and risin'  How high's the water, mama?  Five feet high and risin' How high's the water, papa?  Five feet high and risin'  Well, the rails are washed out north of town We gotta head for higher ground We can't come back till the water comes down,  Five feet high and risin'  Well, it's five feet high and risin'|Country
johnnycash|Hank and Joe and Me|In the desert where we searched for gold The days're hot the nights're cold Hank and Joe and me walked on So bold and brave and free  For days and days we fought the heat I got so thirsty and I got so weak And when I fell 'cause I couldn't go I heard Hank say to Joe  He's dyin' (Dyin' dyin') For water Hear him cryin' (Cryin' cryin') For water  Well lay him down in the dust and sand he said Joe you know he's a dyin' man Leave him there and let him die I can't stand to hear him cry for water  I don't remember how long I lay But when I awoke it was the break of day Buzzards circled miles ahead I knew Hank and Joe were dead  My eyes were dimmed but I could see A bed of gold nuggets under me Now I know that it won't be long Till they decorate my bones  'Cause I'm dyin' (Dyin' dyin') For water Can't help cryin' (Cryin' cryin') For water  Well they laid me down in the dust and sand he said Joe you know he's a dyin' man Leave him there and let him die I can't stand to hear him cry for water He couldn't stand to hear me cry for water|Country
johnnycash|Clementine|(Oh my darlin' Clementine)  She knew that Cody was the man she wanted But she had waited nearly all her life Just one more trip to town to tell the boys goodbye Then he'd be back to take her for his wife  (Don't you worry) Clementine  Cody saddled up and left his darlin' Then rode to town to celebrate his plan He told 'em this would be his last carousing' "I'm gonna settle down boys if I can"  (With my darlin') Clementine  Someone said, "It must have been past midnight When Cody had to face a jealous man " Another story goes that no one really knows But it seems there was a dance hall girl called Nan  (Don't you tell) Clementine  We do know that the shot or two was heard from some back room Then there was a silence in the place Just one more trip to town but all his chips were down They found Cody lyin' on his face  (Softly callin') Clementine  So buddies, make a monument to lay down at his head Sure you hate to leave your pal behind Mother, help your daughter put her weddin' dress away 'Cause Cody won't be ridin' back this time  (To his darlin') Clementine|Country
johnnycash|The Rebel - Johnny Yuma|Johnny Yuma was a rebel He roamed through the west Did Johnny Yuma, the rebel He wandered alone  He got fightin' mad This rebel lad He packed no star As he wandered far Where the only law Was a hook and a draw The rebel, Johnny Yuma  <i>[Repeat 1st verse]</i>  He searched the land This restless lad He was panther quick And leather tough If he figured that He'd been pushed enough The rebel, Johnny Yuma  <i>[Repeat 1st verse]</i>  Fightin' mad This rebel lad With a dream he'd hold 'Til his dyin' breath He'd search his soul And gamble with death The rebel, Johnny Yuma|Country
johnnycash|I Want to Go Home|We sailed on the ship John B, my grandfather and me Around Nassau town we did roam Drinking all night, got into a fight Well, I feel so homesick I wanna go home  So hoist up the John B sail, see how the mainsail sets Call for the captain ashore, let me go home Let me go home, why don't you let me go home? Well, I feel so homesick I wanna go home  The first mate, he got drunk, broke up the people's trunk Constable had to come and take him away Sheriff John Stone, why don't you leave me alone? Well, I feel so homesick I wanna go home  Then the cook, he caught the fits, threw out all of my grits Then he took and ate up all of my corn Let me go home, why don't you let me go home? Well, this is the worst trip since I have been born  So hoist up the John B sail, see how the mainsail sets Call for the captain ashore, let me go home Let me go home, why don't you let me go home? Well, I feel so homesick I wanna go home|Country
johnnycash|The Caretaker|I live in the cemetery 'Old Caretaker' they call me In the wintertime I rake the leaves And in the summer I cut the weeds  When a funeral comes The people cry and pray They bury their dead Then they all go away  And here I work And I somehow hide From a world that rushes By outside  But each night When I rest my head I'm contented As the peaceful death  But who's gonna cry When old John dies? Who's gonna cry When old John dies?  Once I was a young man Dashing with the girls Now no one wants an old man When I lost my handsome curls  But I wanna say When my time comes Lay me facin' The rising sun  Put me in a corner Where I buried my pup Tell the preacher to pray Then cover me up  Don't lay flowers Where my head should be Maybe God would Let some grow for me  And all the little children That I love like my own Will they be sorry That Old John's gone?  Who's gonna cry When Old John dies? Who's gonna cry When Old John dies?|Country
johnnycash|Old Apache Squaw|Old Apache Squaw, how many long lean years you saw? How many bitter winter nights shiverin' in a cold teepee? Shiverin' in a cold teepee Old Apache Squaw, how many hungry kids you saw? How many bloody warriors runnin' to the sea, fleein' to the sea?  Well, now they tell me that you saw Cochise When he made his last stand He said, "The next white man that sees my face Is gonna be a dead white man"  Old Apache Squaw, how many broken hearts you saw? Have you had misty eyes for years? Could that mist be tears? Could that mist be tears?  Well, now they tell me that you saw Cochise When he made his last stand He said, "The next white man that sees my face Is gonna be a dead white man"  Old Apache Squaw, how many broken hearts you saw? You've had misty eyes for years Could that mist be tears? Could that mist be tears? Old Apache Squaw|Country
johnnycash|Don't Step on Mother's Roses|We all were called to come back To the old home on the farm Mother's passed away, what a mournful day And as my daddy watched His eyes were filled with pain and hurt When someone stepped upon a rose And crushed it in the dirt  "Don't step on Mother's roses," Daddy cried "She planted them the day she was my bride And every time I see a rose, I see her smilin' face She made my darkest days look bright 'Round the old home place"  "Don't step on Mother's roses, let 'em grow The way they did since many years ago They'll bloom for me each year And I'll have Mother near Don't step on Mother's roses, let 'em grow"  Years have passed away And how the old home place has changed Daddy had to go, we all miss him so Children pick the roses as they go along the way But when their petals are abused, I hear my daddy say  "Don't step on Mother's roses," Daddy cried "She planted them the day she was my bride And every time I see a rose, I see her smilin' face She made my darkest days look bright 'Round the old home place"  "Don't step on Mother's roses, let 'em grow The way they did since many years ago They'll bloom for me each year And I'll have Mother near Don't step on Mother's roses, let 'em grow"|Country
johnnycash|Tennessee Flat Top Box|In a little cabaret in a South Texas border town, Sat a boy and his guitar, and the people came from all around.  And all the girls from there to Austin, Were slippin' away from home and puttin' jewelery in hock. To take the trip, to go and listen, To the little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box.   And he would play: <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Well, he couldn't ride or wrangle, and he never cared to make a dime. But give him his guitar, and he'd be happy all the time. And all the girls from nine to ninety, Were snapping fingers, tapping toes, and begging him: "Don't stop." And hypnotized and fascinated, By the little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box.  And he would play: <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Then one day he was gone, and no one ever saw him 'round, He'd vanished like the breeze, they forgot him in the little town. But all the girls still dreamed about him.  And hung around the cabaret until the doors were locked. And then one day on the Hit Parade, Was a little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box.  And he would play: <i>[Instrumental]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Ring of Fire|Love is a burning thing And it makes a fiery ring Bound by wild desire I fell into a ring of fire  I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down and the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire, the ring of fire  I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down and the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire, the ring of fire  The taste of love is sweet When hearts like ours meet I fell for you like a child Oh, but the fire went wild  I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down and the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire, the ring of fire  And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire, the ring of fire The ring of fire, the ring of fire|Country
johnnycash|My Grandfather's Clock|My grandfather's clock was too large for the shelf So it stood ninety years on the floor It was taller by half than the old man himself Though it weighed not a pennyweight more  It was bought on the morn of the day that he was born And was always his treasure and pride But it stopped, short never to go again When the old man died  Ninety years without slumbering tik,tlk,tik,tok His life seconds numbering tik,tok,tik,tok It stopped, short never to go again When the old man died  My grandfather said that of those he could hire Not a servant so faithful he found For it wasted no time and had but one desire At the close of each week to be wound  And it kept in its place, not a frown upon its face And its hands never hung by its side But it stopped short, never to go again When the old man died  It rang and alarmed in the dead of the night An alarm that for years had been dumb And we knew that his spirit was pluming for flight That his hour for departure had come  Still the clock kept the time with a soft and muffled chime As we silently stood by his side But it stopped short, never to go again When the old man died  Ninety years without slumbering His life seconds numbering It stopped short, never to go again When the old man died|Country
johnnycash|Orange Blossom Special|Look a-yonder comin' Comin' down that railroad track Hey, look a-yonder comin' Comin' down that railroad track It's the Orange Blossom Special Bringin' my baby back  Well, I'm going down to Florida And get some sand in my shoes Or maybe Californy And get some sand in my shoes I'll ride that Orange Blossom Special And lose these New York blues  "Say man, when you going back to Florida?" "When am I goin' back to Florida? I don't know, don't reckon I ever will." "Ain't you worried about getting your nourishment in New York?" "Well, I don't care if I do-die-do-die-do-die-do-die."  Hey talk about a-ramblin' She's the fastest train on the line Talk about a-travellin' She's the fastest train on the line It's that Orange Blossom Special Rollin' down the seaboard line|Country
johnnycash|It Ain't Me, Babe|Go away from my window Leave at your own chosen speed I'm not the one you want, babe I'm not the one you need You say you're lookin' for someone Who's never weak but always strong To protect you and defend you Whether you are right or wrong Someone to open each and every door  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe  Go lightly from the ledge, babe Go lightly on the ground I'm not the one you want, babe I'll only let you down You say you're lookin' for someone Who'll promise never to part Someone to close his eyes for you Someone to close his heart Someone to die for you and more  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe  You say you're lookin' for someone To pick you up each time you fall To gather flowers constantly And to come each time you call And will love you for your life And nothin' more  But it ain't me, babe No, no, no, it ain't me, babe It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe|Country
johnnycash|The Long Black Veil|Ten years ago, on a cold dark night Someone was killed 'neath the town hall light There were few at the scene, but they all agreed That the slayer who ran looked a lot like me  The judge said: Son, what is your alibi? If you were somewhere else, then you won't have to die I spoke not a word, though it meant my life For I'd been in the arms of my best friend's wife  She walks these hills in a long black veil She visits my grave when the night winds wail Nobody knows, nobody sees Nobody knows but me  Oh, the scaffold is high, and eternity's near She stood in the crowd and shed not a tear But late at night, when the north wind blows In a long black veil, she cries over my bones  She walks these hills in a long black veil She visits my grave when the night winds wail Nobody knows, nobody sees Nobody knows but me|Country
johnnycash|Folsom Prison Blues|I hear the train a comin' It's rolling round the bend And I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when I'm stuck in Folsom prison, and time keeps draggin' on But that train keeps a rollin' on down to San Antone  When I was just a baby my mama told me "Son, always be a good boy, don't ever play with guns" But I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die When I hear that whistle blowing, I hang my head and cry  I bet there's rich folks eating in a fancy dining car They're probably drinkin' coffee and smoking big cigars Well I know I had it coming, I know I can't be free But those people keep a movin' And that's what tortures me  Well if they freed me from this prison If that railroad train was mine I bet I'd move it on a little farther down the line Far from Folsom prison, that's where I want to stay And I'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues away|Country
johnnycash|Daddy Sang Bass|I remember when I was a lad, times were hard and things were bad. But there's a silver lining behind every cloud. Just poor people, that's all we were. Trying to make a living out of black land dirt. We'd get together in a family circle singing loud.  Daddy sang bass, Mama sang tenor. Me and little brother would join right in there. Singing seems to help a troubled soul. One of these days and it won't be long. I'll rejoin them in a song. I'm gonna join the family circle at the Throne. No, the circle won't be broken. By and by, Lord, by and by.  Daddy sang bass, Mama sang tenor. Me and little brother would join right in there. In the sky, Lord, in the sky.  Now I remember after work, Mama would call in all of us. You could hear us singing for a country mile. Now little brother has done gone on. But, I'll rejoin him in a song. We'll be together again up yonder in a little while.  Daddy sang bass, Mama sang tenor. Me and little brother would join right in there. Cause singing seems to help a troubled soul. One of these days and it won't be long, I'll rejoin them in a song. I'm gonna join the family circle at the Throne. Oh, no the circle won't be broken. By and by, Lord, by and by.  Daddy sang bass, Mama sang tenor. Me and little brother would join right in there. In the sky, Lord, in the sky. In the sky, Lord, in the sky.|Country
johnnycash|Cat's in the Cradle|A child arrived the other day, He came to the world in the usual way. But there were planes to catch and bills to pay, He learned to walk while I was away, And he was talking 'fore I knew it. And as he grew he'd say, "I'm gonna be like you dad, You know I'm gonna be like you."  And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man in the moon. When you coming home dad? "I don't know when, But we'll get together then, You know we'll have a good time then."  My son turned ten just the other day, He said, "Thanks for the ball come on let's play, Can you teach me to throw?" I said, "Not today, I got a lot to do." He said, "That's okay." He walked away but his smile never dimmed, He said, "I'm gonna be like him, yeah, you know I'm gonna be like him."  And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man in the moon. When you coming home dad? "I don't know when, But we'll get together then, You know we'll have a good time then."  Well he came from college just the other day, So much like a man I just had to say, "Son I'm proud of you, can you sit for a while." He shook his head and then he said with a smile, "What I'd really like dad is to borrow the car keys, See you later can I have them please."  And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man in the moon. When you coming home son? "I don't know when, But we'll have a good time then dad, You know we'll have a good time then."  I've long since retired my son's moved away. I called him up just the other day, I said, "I'd like to see you if you don't mind." He said, "I'd love to dad if I could find the time, You see my new job's a hassle and the kids have the flu, But it's sure nice talking to you dad, It's been sure nice talking to you."  And as I hung up the phone it occurred to me, He'd grown up just like me, my boy was just like me.|Country
johnnycash|As Long as I Live|As long as I live if it be one hour or if it be one hundred years I'll keep remembering forever and ever I'll love you dear as long as I live It was easy said the night we parted that we'd forget we'd ever met I haven't forgotten I wonder if you have or if your heart is full of regret I never thought the night we parted that life without you could be so bad I know it sounds funny but I can't forget you the only happiness I've ever had|Country
johnnycash|The Ways of a Woman in Love|You've cut out your dancin' and you never see a show Friends come by to pick you up and you hardly ever go It seems your head is in the clouds above You've got the ways of a woman in love  I walked by your house tonight and hoped that I might see The guy who's got you in the spin I wish that guy was me I don't know why it's you I'm dreamin' of You've got the ways of a woman in love  Many is the night I've stayed awake and cried Now you'll never know how much you hurt my foolish pride I recall your kisses the times I held you tight Now when I come to see you you're sittin' in the light Missin' all the things that we dreamed of You've got the ways of a woman in love  Many is the night I've stayed awake and cried... You've got the ways of a woman in love|Country
johnnycash|The Mystery of Life|Peterbilt drivers don't pick up low riders They don't slow for the curves in the road They hate to keep logs, they hate riders on hogs Watch out for a shift in your load  When I was young, I had Gene Autry guns But I never had a Lionel train Now I've got a truck, if I keep payments up And it weighs thirty tons in the rain  I wear Frisco jeans with riveted seams My money is chained to my belt I wear a Cat cap just like my pap He drove till it ruined his health  Now, Georgia Bill Smith wore thick glasses and boots He could see 'bout as far as he could walk He came up too fast on that bridge overpass Lord, the preacher sure gave a fine talk  When I was young, I had Gene Autry guns But I never had a Lionel train Now I've got a truck if I keep payments up And it weighs thirty tons in the rain  I've read a few lines from the poets And sometimes, I might cross the line I don't know the answer to the mystery of life But a woman sure helps pass the time  When I was young, I had Gene Autry guns But I never had a Lionel train Now I've got a truck if I keep payments up And it weighs thirty tons in the rain  When I was young, I had Gene Autry guns But I never had a Lionel train Now I've got a truck if I keep payments up And it weighs thirty tons in the rain|Country
johnnycash|A Boy Named Sue|My daddy left home when I was three And he didn't leave much to ma and me Just this old guitar and an empty bottle of booze. Now, I don't blame him cause he run and hid But the meanest thing that he ever did Was before he left, he went and named me "Sue".  Well, he must o' thought that is quite a joke And it got a lot of laughs from a' lots of folk, It seems I had to fight my whole life through. Some gal would giggle and I'd get red And some guy'd laugh and I'd bust his head, I tell ya, life ain't easy for a boy named "Sue".  Well, I grew up quick and I grew up mean, My fist got hard and my wits got keen, I'd roam from town to town to hide my shame. But I made me a vow to the moon and stars That I'd search the honky-tonks and bars And kill that man who gave me that awful name.  Well, it was Gatlinburg in mid-July And I just hit town and my throat was dry, I thought I'd stop and have myself a brew. At an old saloon on a street of mud, There at a table, dealing stud, Sat the dirty, mangy dog that named me "Sue".  Well, I knew that snake was my own sweet dad From a worn-out picture that my mother'd had, And I knew that scar on his cheek and his evil eye. He was big and bent and gray and old, And I looked at him and my blood ran cold And I said, "My name is 'Sue'! How do you do! Now you're gonna die!"  Yeah, that's what I told him!  Well, I hit him hard right between the eyes And he went down, but to my surprise, He come up with a knife and cut off a piece of my ear. But I busted a chair right across his teeth And we crashed through the wall and into the street Kicking and a' gouging in the mud and the blood and the beer.  I tell ya, I've fought tougher men But I really can't remember when, He kicked like a mule and he bit like a crocodile. I heard him laugh and then I heard him cuss, He went for his gun and I pulled mine first, He stood there lookin' at me and I saw him smile.  And he said, "Son, this world is rough And if a man's gonna make it, he's gotta be tough And I knew I wouldn't be there to help ya along. So I give ya that name and I said goodbye I knew you'd have to get tough or die And it's the name that helped to make you strong."  He said, "Now you just fought one hell of a fight And I know you hate me, and you got the right To kill me now, and I wouldn't blame you if you do. But ya ought to thank me, before I die, For the gravel in ya guts and the spit in ya eye Cause I'm the son of a bitch that named you 'Sue'."  Well, what could I do, what could I do?  I got all choked up and I threw down my gun And I called him my pa, and he called me his son, And I came away with a different point of view. And I think about him, now and then, Every time I try and every time I win, And if I ever have a son, I think I'm gonna name him Bill or George! Anything but Sue! I still hate that name!|Country
johnnycash|If I Were a Carpenter|If I were a carpenter And you were a lady, Would you marry me anyway? Would you have my baby?  If a tinker were my trade would you still find me, Carrying the pots I made, Following behind me.  Save my love through loneliness, Save my love for sorrow, I'm given you my onliness, Come give your tomorrow.  If I worked my hands in wood, Would you still love me? Answer me babe, "Yes I would, I'll put you above me."  If I were a miller at a mill wheel grinding, would you miss your color box, and your soft shoe shining?  If I were a carpenter and you were a lady, Would you marry me anyway? Would you have my baby? Would you marry anyway? Would you have my baby?|Country
johnnycash|That's One You Owe Me|There was a showdown at high noon reputations on the line It was the good guys and the bad guys I was eight and he was nine And I forgot to keep my back to the wall in Dodge that day And from somewhere behind me I heard him say  "That's one you owe me I let you slide I can't back shoot a buddy it goes against my pride So like two desperados we'll ride off in the sun But just remember you owe me one"  It was high school and football on two different teams I was good but he was better than I would ever be And when I finally crossed the goal line ahead of him that day As the crowd was goin' wild I heard him say  "That's one you owe me I let you slide I can't back shoot a buddy it goes against my pride So like two desperados we'll ride off in the sun But just remember you owe me one"  She was long and lean and pretty and soon to be his bride When she strayed into my arms one day with lovin' on her mind Well I was almost tempted by her soft touch and her sigh But the next time I saw him I could look him in the eye  That's one you owe me I let you slide I can't back shoot a buddy it goes against my pride So like two desperados we'll ride off in the sun But just remember you owe me one  That's one you owe me I let you slide I can't back shoot a buddy it goes against my pride So like two desperados we'll ride off in the sun But just remember you owe me one|Country
johnnycash|Family Bible|Rock of Ages, Rock of Ages cleft for me.  There's a fam'ly bible on the table Each page is torn and hard to read But the fam'ly bible on the table Will ever be my key to memories.  At the end of day when work was over And when the evening meal was done Dad would read to us from the fam'ly bible And we'd count our many blessings one by one.  I can see us sittin' 'round the table When from the fam'ly bible dad would read I can hear my mother softly singing Rock of Ages, Rock of Ages cleft for me.  This old world of ours is full of troubles This old world would oh, so better be If we had more bibles on the table And mothers singing Rock of Ages cleft for me.  I can see us sittin' 'round the table When from the fam'ly bible dad would read I can hear my mother softly singing Rock of Ages, Rock of Ages cleft for me.  Rock of Ages, Rock of Ages cleft for me...|Country
johnnycash|Flesh and Blood|Beside a Singin' Mountain Stream  Where the Willow grew  Where the Silver Leaf of Maple Sparkled in the Mornin' Dew I braided Twigs of Willows Made a String of Buckeye Beads; But Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need.  I leaned against a Bark of Birch And I breathed the Honey Dew I saw a North-bound Flock of Geese Against a Sky of Baby Blue Beside the Lily Pads I carved a Whistle from a Reed; Mother Nature's quite a Lady But you're the one I need Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need.  A Cardinal sang just for me And I thanked him for the Song Then the Sun went slowly down the West And I had to move along These were some of the things  On which my Mind and Spirit feed; But Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need.  <i>[SPOKEN]</i>  So when this Day was ended I was still not satisfied For I knew ev'rything I touched Would wither and would die And Love is all that will remain And grow from all these Seed;  <i>[SUNG]</i>  Mother Nature's quite a Lady But you're the one I need Flesh And Blood need Flesh And Blood And you're the one I need.|Country
johnnycash|The Big Light|Well, I had a little feeling to have a big night And woke up feeling small and not so brave and not quite right I had to face the who am I and where is she and what did I do But worst of all, I had to face the big light  The big light came through my window and it opened up my eyelids And it snapped them up like roller blinds and told me things that I did I can't face another day and night of good ideas and complications And I'm thankful that I didn't open another bottle of inspiration  When the hangover this morning had a personality And I cast my shattered mind over selected memories I didn't even touch the light switch, so I knew I'd never see The haggard face that would be staring back at me  The big light came through my window and it opened up my eyelids And it snapped them up like roller blinds and told me things that I did I can't face another day and night of good ideas and complications And I'm thankful that I didn't open another bottle of inspiration  Well, I had a little feeling to have a big time And I woke up to alarm bells like a big church chime I had to face the who am I and who is she and what did I do But worst of all, I had to face the big light  The big light came through my window and it opened up my eyelids And it snapped them up like roller blinds and told me things that I did I can't face another day and night of good ideas and complications And I'm thankful that I didn't open another bottle of inspiration  Well, it's fine to go out and have a big night But sooner or later, you're gonna face the big light|Country
johnnycash|Man in Black|Well, you wonder why I always dress in black, Why you never see bright colors on my back, And why does my appearance seem to have a somber tone. Well, there's a reason for the things that I have on.  I wear the black for the poor and the beaten down, Livin' in the hopeless, hungry side of town, I wear it for the prisoner who has long paid for his crime, But is there because he's a victim of the times.  I wear the black for those who never read, Or listened to the words that Jesus said, About the road to happiness through love and charity, Why, you'd think He's talking straight to you and me.  Well, we're doin' mighty fine, I do suppose, In our streak of lightnin' cars and fancy clothes, But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back, Up front there ought 'a be a Man In Black.  I wear it for the sick and lonely old, For the reckless ones whose bad trip left them cold, I wear the black in mournin' for the lives that could have been, Each week we lose a hundred fine young men.  And, I wear it for the thousands who have died, Believen' that the Lord was on their side, I wear it for another hundred thousand who have died, Believen' that we all were on their side.  Well, there's things that never will be right I know, And things need changin' everywhere you go, But 'til we start to make a move to make a few things right, You'll never see me wear a suit of white.  Ah, I'd love to wear a rainbow every day, And tell the world that everything's OK, But I'll try to carry off a little darkness on my back, 'Till things are brighter, I'm the Man In Black.|Country
johnnycash|Ragged Old Flag|I walked through a county courthouse square On a park bench, an old man was sittin' there. I said, "Your old court house is kinda run down,  He said, "Naw, it'll do for our little town".  I said, "Your old flag pole is leaned a little bit,  And that's a ragged old flag you got hangin' on it". He said, "Have a seat", and I sat down,  "Is this the first time you've been to our little town" I said, "I think it is" He said "I don't like to brag, but we're kinda proud of That Ragged Old Flag  "You see, we got a little hole in that flag there, When Washington took it across the Delaware. and It got powder burned the night Francis Scott Key sat watching it,  writing "Say Can You See" It got a rip in New Orleans, with Packingham &amp; Jackson tugging at its seams. and It almost fell at the Alamo  beside the Texas flag, But she waved on though. She got cut with a sword at Chancellorsville, And she got cut again at Shiloh Hill. There was Robert E. Lee and Beauregard and Bragg, And the south wind blew hard on That Ragged Old Flag  "On Flanders Field in World War I, She got a big hole from a Bertha Gun, She turned blood red in World War II She hung limp, and low, a time or two, She was in Korea, Vietnam, She went where she was sent by her Uncle Sam. She waved from our ships upon the briny foam and now they've about quit wavin' back here at home in her own good land here She's been abused, She's been burned, dishonored, denied an' refused, And the government for which she stands Has been scandalized throughout out the land. And she's getting thread bare, and she's wearin' thin, But she's in good shape, for the shape she's in. Cause she's been through the fire before and i believe she can take a whole lot more.  "So we raise her up every morning And we bring her down slow every night, We don't let her touch the ground, And we fold her up right. On second thought I *do* like to brag Cause I'm mighty proud of That Ragged Old Flag"|Country
johnnycash|One Piece at a Time|Well, I left Kentucky back in '49 An' went to Detroit workin' on a 'sembly line The first year they had me puttin' wheels on cadillacs  Every day I'd watch them beauties roll by And sometimes I'd hang my head and cry 'Cause I always wanted me one that was long and black.  One day I devised myself a plan That should be the envy of most any man I'd sneak it out of there in a lunchbox in my hand Now gettin' caught meant gettin' fired But I figured I'd have it all by the time I retired I'd have me a car worth at least a hundred grand.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> I'd get it one piece at a time And it wouldn't cost me a dime You'll know it's me when I come through your town I'm gonna ride around in style I'm gonna drive everybody wild 'Cause I'll have the only one there is a round.  So the very next day when I punched in With my big lunchbox and with help from my friends I left that day with a lunch box full of gears Now, I never considered myself a thief GM wouldn't miss just one little piece Especially if I strung it out over several years.  The first day I got me a fuel pump And the next day I got me an engine and a trunk Then I got me a transmission and all of the chrome The little things I could get in my big lunchbox Like nuts, an' bolts, and all four shocks But the big stuff we snuck out in my buddy's mobile home.  Now, up to now my plan went all right 'Til we tried to put it all together one night And that's when we noticed that something was definitely wrong.  The transmission was a '53 And the motor turned out to be a '73 And when we tried to put in the bolts all the holes were gone.  So we drilled it out so that it would fit And with a little bit of help with an A-daptor kit We had that engine runnin' just like a song Now the headlight' was another sight We had two on the left and one on the right But when we pulled out the switch all three of 'em come on.  The back end looked kinda funny too But we put it together and when we got thru Well, that's when we noticed that we only had one tail-fin About that time my wife walked out And I could see in her eyes that she had her doubts But she opened the door and said "Honey, take me for a spin."  So we drove up town just to get the tags And I headed her right on down main drag I could hear everybody laughin' for blocks around But up there at the court house they didn't laugh 'Cause to type it up it took the whole staff And when they got through the title weighed sixty pounds.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> I got it one piece at a time And it didn't cost me a dime You'll know it's me when I come through your town I'm gonna ride around in style I'm gonna drive everybody wild 'Cause I'll have the only one there is around.  <i>[Spoken]</i> Ugh! Yow, RED RYDER  This is the COTTON MOUTH In the PSYCHO-BILLY CADILLAC Come on  Huh, This is the COTTON MOUTH And negatory on the cost of this mow-chine there RED RYDER You might say I went right up to the factory And picked it up, it's cheaper that way Ugh!, what model is it?|Country
johnnycash|Song of the Patriot|I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man I love mom and applie pie,  And the freedoms that we all enjoy across this beautiful land I work hard and I fight hard for the old Red, White, and Blue And I'll die a whole lot harder if it comes to where I have to I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man And when I see old Glory waving I think of all the brave men who have fought and died for what is right and wrong And when I see old Glory burnin, my blood begins to churnin  And I could do some fightin' of my own I don't believe in violence, I'm a God fearing man Bul I'll stand up for my country just as long as I can stand Cause I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man And I enjoy the liberty of being what I want to be and achieve any goals that I can I was taught to turn the other cheek, but daddy used to say Walk soft and pack a big stick, but never walk away I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man And When I see old Glory waving I think of all the brave men who have fought and died for what is right and wrong And when I see old Glory burnin, my blood begins to churnin  And I could do some fightin' of my own Cause I love all my brothers and were proud of our group We've got the greenest country here on God's green earth I'm a flag waving, patriotic nephew of my Uncle Sam A rough riding fighting Yankee man|Country
johnnycash|Highwayman|I was a highwayman. Along the coach roads I did ride With sword and pistol by my side Many a young maid lost her baubles to my trade Many a soldier shed his lifeblood on my blade The bastards hung me in the spring of twenty-five But I am still alive.  I was a sailor. I was born upon the tide And with the sea I did abide. I sailed a schooner round the Horn to Mexico I went aloft and furled the mainsail in a blow And when the yards broke off they said that I got killed But I am living still.  I was a dam builder across the river deep and wide Where steel and water did collide A place called Boulder on the wild Colorado I slipped and fell into the wet concrete below They buried me in that great tomb that knows no sound But I am still around..I'll always be around..and around and around and  around and around  I fly a starship across the Universe divide And when I reach the other side I'll find a place to rest my spirit if I can Perhaps I may become a highwayman again Or I may simply be a single drop of rain But I will remain And I'll be back again, and again and again and again and again..|Country
johnnycash|The Wanderer|I went out walking through the streets paved with gold Lifted some stones Saw the skin and bones Of a city without a soul I went out walking under an atomic sky Where the ground won't turn And the rain it burns Like the tears when I said goodbye   Yeah I went with nothing Nothing but the thought of you I went wandering  I went drifting through the capitals of tin Where men can't walk Or freely talk And sons turn their fathers in  I stopped outside a church house Where the citizens like to sit They say they want the kingdom But they don't want God in it   Yeah I went with nothing Nothing but the thought of you I went wandering  I went drifting through the capitals of tin Where men can't walk Or freely talk And sons turn their fathers in  I went out with nothing Nothing but the thought of you I went wandering  I went out walking Down that winding road Where no one's trusting no one And conscience...a too heavy load I went out riding, down that ol'eight lane I passed by a thousand signs Looking for my own name   Yeah I went with nothing Nothing but the thought of you I went wandering  I went drifting through the capitals of tin Where men can't walk Or freely talk And sons turn their fathers in  I went with nothing But the thought you'd be there, too Looking for you  I went out there in search of experience To taste and to touch and to feel's as much As a man can before he repents  I went out searching, looking for one good man A spirit who would not bend or break Who could sit at his father's right hand I went out walking with a bible and a gun The word of God lay heavy on my heart I was sure I was the one Now Jesus, don't you wait up Jesus, I'll be home soon Yea I went out for the papers Told her I'd be back by noon  Yeah I left with nothing But the thought you'd be there too Looking for you... Yeah I left with nothing Nothing but the thought of you... I went wandering|Country
johnnycash|Sixteen Tons|Some people say a man is made outta mud A poor man's made outta muscle and blood Muscle and blood and skin and bones A mind that's a-weak and a back that's strong  You load sixteen tons, what do you get Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store  I was born one mornin' when the sun didn't shine I picked up my shovel and I walked to the mine I loaded sixteen tons of number nine coal And the straw boss said "Well, a-bless my soul"  You load sixteen tons, what do you get Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store  I was born one mornin', it was drizzlin' rain Fightin' and trouble are my middle name I was raised in the canebrake by an ol' mama lion Cain't no-a high-toned woman make me walk the line  You load sixteen tons, what do you get Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store  If you see me comin', better step aside A lotta men didn't, a lotta men died One fist of iron, the other of steel If the right one don't a-get you Then the left one will  You load sixteen tons, what do you get Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store|Country
johnnycash|Rowboat|Rowboat, row me to the shore. She don't wanna be my friend no more. She dug a hole in the bottom of my soul. She don't wanna be my friend no more.  Pick me up, gimme some food to eat, In your truck goin' no place. I'll be home talkin' to nobody. You'll be strange, you'll be far away.  Big fat moon. And my body's out of tune. With the burnin' waves, She's a billion years away.  Dog food on the floor, And I've been like this before. She is all, And everything else is small.  Pick me up, gimme some alcohol, In your truck playin' the radio. I'll be home with the gasoline. You'll be stoned, you'll be far away.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>  Rowboat, row me to the shore. She don't wanna be my friend no more. She dug a hole in the bottom of my soul. She is all, and everything else is small.|Country
johnnycash|Sea of Heartbreak|(One, two, one, two, three four.)  The lights in the harbor, Don't shine for me. I'm like a lost ship, Adrift on the sea.  The sea of heartbreak. Lost love and loneliness, Memories of your caress. So divine how I wish You were mine again my dear. I'm on this sea of tears, Sea of heartbreak.  Oh, how did I lose you? Oh, where did I fail? Why did you leave me? Always to sail,  The sea of heartbreak. Lost love and loneliness, Memories of your caress. So divine how I wish You were mine again my dear. I'm on this sea of tears, Sea of heartbreak.  Oh, what I'd give just to sail back to shore, Back to your arms once more. Come to my rescue, oh, come here to me. Take me and keep me away from the sea.  Sea of heartbreak. Lost love and loneliness, Memories of your caress. So divine how I wish You were mine again my dear. I'm on this sea of tears, Sea of heartbreak.  Sea of heartbreak. Sea of heartbreak. Sea of heartbreak.|Country
johnnycash|Peace in the Valley|Oh well, I'm tired and so weary But I must go alone Till the lord comes and calls, calls me away, oh yes Well the morning's so bright And the lamp is alight And the night, night is as black as the sea, oh yes  There will be peace in the valley for me, some day There will be peace in the valley for me, oh Lord I pray There'll be no sadness, no sorrow No trouble, trouble I see There will be peace in the valley for me, for me  Well the bear will be gentle And the wolves will be tame And the lion shall lay down by the lamb, oh yes And the beasts from the wild Shall be lit by a child And I'll be changed, changed from this creature that I am, oh yes  There will be peace in the valley for me, some day There will be peace in the valley for me, oh Lord I pray There'll be no sadness, no sorrow No trouble, trouble I see There will be peace in the valley for me, for me|Country
johnnycash|The One Rose|So blue Lonesome too But still true  Rosie haunts me Makes me think of you  You're the one rose that's left in my heart, dear I love you, adore you, I do  Each night in dreamland we wander along  Telling love stories anew  When from a blue sky a black cloud came rolling  Breaking my heart in two  Oh we ought not to part  I have said from the start  You're the one rose that's left in my heart  Oh we ought not to part  I have said from the start  You're the one rose that's left in my heart|Country
johnnycash|Memories Are Made of This|Take one fresh and tender kiss  Add one stolen night of bliss  One girl, one boy, some grief, some joy  Memories are made of this.  Don't forget a small moonbeam  Fold it lightly with a dream  Your lips and mine to sip the wine  Memories are made of this  Then at the wedding bells  One house where lovers dwell  Three little kids for the flavor  Stir carefully through the day  See how the flavor stays  These are the dreams that we must savor  With His blessings from above  Serve it generously with love  One man, one wife, one love for life  Memories are made of this|Country
johnnycash|Belshazzar|Well the Bible tells about a man Who ruled Babylon and all it's land Around the city he built a wall And declared that Babylon would never fall  He had concubines and wives He called his Babylon "Paradise" Upon his throne he drank and ate But for Belshazzer it was getting late  For he was weighed in the balance and found wanting His kingdom was divided, couldn't stand He was weighed in the balance and found wanting His houses were built upon the sand  Well the people feast and drank their wine And praised the false gods of his time All holy things were scorned and mocked Suddenly all their mocking stopped  On the wall there appeared a hand Nothing else, there was no man In blood the hand began to write And Belshazzar couldn't hide his fright  For he was weighed in the balance and found wanting His kingdom was divided, couldn't stand He was weighed in the balance and found wanting His houses were built upon the sand  Well no one around could understand What was written by the mystic hand Belshazzar tried but couldn't find A man who could give him piece of mind  Daniel the prophet, a man of God He saw the writing on the wall in blood Belshazzar asked him what it said And Daniel turned to the wall and read  "My friend you're weighed in the balance and found wanting Your kingdom is divided, it can't stand You are weighed in the balance and found wanting Your houses are built upon the sand"|Country
johnnycash|Straight A's in Love|Well a readin' and a writin' and 'rithmetic never did get through to me It ain't because I'm square or thick cause I learned my ABC's But when I graduated from the grammar school and I moved one grade above I began to be a snook at books but I made straight A's in love  Now the teacher would say to learn your algebra but I'd bring name C's and D's How could I make an A when there's a swingin' maid On the left and on the right and in the back and the front of me Oh my grades are low on my card I know but they oughta give me one above If I made a mark for learnin' in the dark I'd have straight A's in love  Now in my senior year with graduation near I did my home work every night And when my mama said I oughta go to bed I'd turn out all the lights But my sweetic pie was waitin' right outside she'd be a cooin' like a dove Though I did my beat I made some mess o'test but I made straight A's in love  Now the teacher would say to learn your algebra but I'd bring name C's and D's How could I make an A when there's a swingin' maid On the left and on the right and in the back and the front of me Oh my grades are low on my card I know but they oughta give me one above If I made a mark for learnin' in the dark I'd have straight A's in love|Country
johnnycash|Spiritual|Jesus I don't wanna die alone Jesus oh Jesus I don't wanna die alone  My love wasn't true Now all I have is you  Jesus oh Jesus I don't wanna die alone  Jesus If you hear my last breath  Don't leave me here Left to die a lonely death I know I have sinned but Lord I'm suffering  Jesus Oh Jesus If you hear my last breath  Jesus I don't wanna die alone Jesus oh Jesus I don't wanna die alone  My love wasn't true Now all I have is you  Jesus Oh Jesus I don't wanna die alone  Jesus Jesus All my troubles All My pain Will leave me Once again  All my troubles All my pain Will leave me once again  All my troubles All my pain Will leave me once again Once again|Country
johnnycash|Southern Accents|There's a southern accent, Where I come from. The young'uns call it country, The Yankees call it dumb. I got my own way of talkin', But everything is done, With a southern accent, Where I come from.  Now that drunk-tank in Atlanta, Was just a motel room to me. Think I might go work Orlando, If them orange groves don't freeze. I've got my own way of workin', But everything is run, With a southern accent, Where I come from.  For just a minute there I was dreaming. For just a minute it was all so real. For just a minute she was standing there, With me.  There's a dream I that I keep havin', Where my mama comes to me. And she kneels down over by the window, And says a prayer for me. I got my own way of prayin', And everyone's begun, With a southern accent, Where I come from.  <i>[Instrumental break]</i>  We have our own way of livin', But everything is done, With a southern accent, Where I come from.|Country
johnnycash|Mean Eyed Cat|I gave my woman half my money at the general store, I said, "Now buy a little groceries and don't spend no more." But she paid ten dollars for a ten cent hat, And bought some store-bought cat food for that mean-eyed cat.  When I woke up this mornin' and I turned my head, There wasn't a cotton pickin' thing on her side of the bed. I found a little ol' note, where her head belonged. It said, "Dear John, honey, baby, I'm long gone."  When I heard a whistle blowin' and the big wheels a-turnin', I was scared as I could be. I put on my overalls and I headed to town. Gonna bring her back with me.  I asked the man down at the station if he'd seen her there. I told him all about her pretty eyes and long, blonde hair. He spit his tobacco, said, "I'll be dad blamed, I believe I did see her leavin' on the east-bound train."  I bought a round-trip ticket on the east bound train, I was broke as I could be, But when I come back, I gotta buy another ticket, Gonna bring her back with me.  Well, I got off the train somewhere in Arkansas, And I worked up the guts to call my mother-in-law, She said, "I'll tell you where she is, if you act right. She's workin' four-to-twelve at Trucker's World tonight."  Well, when I walked in she saw me and she took off her apron, And she grabbed her goin'-home hat She bought a ticket with her tips. Now we're curled up on the sofa, Me and her and that mean-eyed cat.|Country
johnnycash|Wide Open Road|Well, you said you had enough You said that you were leavin' I said, "Shove off honey, baby, I ain't grievin' Pack your bags and pull out this evenin' There's a wide open road"  Early this mornin' you where nowhere about And so I searched the town but you had done pulled out I looked north, east and west and then a leadin' south I saw a wide open road  There's a wide open road It's leadin' south from my abode If you stick around and turn your damper down There's a wide open road  Well, the reason I was lookin' for you all over town Was to tell you that your kitty cat was still around And you left your weddin' ring when you went down That wide open road  If you gonna stay away then honey let me know How to cook hot biscuits, how to roll a dough Every thing's gone crazy since I told you to go Down the wide open road  There's a wide open road And honey, I want you to know You can look down south or you can turn back home And there's a wide open road|Country
johnnycash|Meet Me in Heaven|We saw houses falling from the sky Where the mountains lean down to the sand We saw blackbirds circling 'round an old castle keep And I stood on the cliff and held your hand  We walked troubles brooding wind swept hills And we loved and we laughed the pain away At the end of the journey, when our last song is sung Will you meet me in Heaven someday  <i>[Chorus]</i> Can't be sure of how's it's going to be When we walk into the light across the bar But I'll know you and you'll know me Out there beyond the stars  We've seen the secret things revealed by God And we heard what the angels had to say Should you go first, or if you follow me Will you meet me in Heaven someday  Living in a mansion on the streets of gold At the corner of Grace and Rapture Way In sweet ecstasy while the ages roll Will you meet me in Heaven someday  In sweet ecstasy while the ages roll Will you meet in Heaven someday|Country
johnnycash|Unchained|I have been ungrateful, I've been unwise. Restless from the cradle, Now I realize, It's so hard to see the rainbow, Through glasses dark as these. Maybe I'll be able, From now on, on my knees.  Oh, I am weak. Oh, I know I am vain. Take this weight from me, Let my spirit be unchained.  Old man swearin' at the sidewalk, I'm overcome. Seems that we've both forgotten, Forgotten to go home. Have I seen an angel? Oh, have I seen a ghost? Where's that rock of ages, When I need it most?  Oh, I am weak. Oh, I know I am vain. Take this weight from me, Let my spirit be unchained.|Country
johnnycash|Don't Make Me Go|You take my hand and smile at me but I can tell you'd rather be Alone or with somebody else you know And when your eyes look into mine that old time love light doesn't shine But let me try again don't make me go  I want you don't make me go my heart would break I'd miss you so Treadin' love for sympathy is old to me What's this lovesick heart to do when it cries for only you Hold me close I love you so don't make me go  I'm sorry that I never knew the way to show my love for you I took too much for granted all the time Two hearts in love must give and take when one heart fails the other breaks Don't make me go I wanna show this love of mine  I want you don't make me go...|Country
johnnycash|I've Been Everywhere|I was totin' my pack along the dusty Winnemucca road, When along came a semi with a high and canvas-covered load. "If you're goin' to Winnemucca, Mack, with me you can ride." And so I climbed into the cab and then I settled down inside. He asked me if I'd seen a road with so much dust and sand. And I said, "Listen, I've traveled every road in this here land!"  I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Crossed the desert's bare, man. I've breathed the mountain air, man. Of travel I've a-had my share, man. I've been everywhere.  I've been to Reno, Chicago, Fargo, Minnesota, Buffalo, Toronto, Winslow, Sarasota, Wichita, Tulsa, Ottawa, Oklahoma, Tampa, Panama, Mattawa, La Paloma, Bangor, Baltimore, Salvador, Amarillo, Tocopilla, Barranquilla, and Padilla, I'm a killer.  I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Crossed the desert's bare, man. I've breathed the mountain air, man. Of travel I've a-had my share, man. I've been everywhere.  I've been to Boston, Charleston, Dayton, Louisiana, Washington, Houston, Kingston, Texarkana, Monterey, Faraday, Santa Fe, Tallapoosa, Glen Rock, Black Rock, Little Rock, Oskaloosa, Tennessee to Hennessey, Chicopee, Spirit Lake, Grand Lake, Devil's Lake, Crater Lake, for Pete's sake.  I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Crossed the desert's bare, man. I've breathed the mountain air, man. Of travel I've a-had my share, man. I've been everywhere.  I've been to Louisville, Nashville, Knoxville, Ombabika, Schefferville, Jacksonville, Waterville, Costa Rica, Pittsfield, Springfield, Bakersfield, Shreveport, Hackensack, Cadillac, Fond du Lac, Davenport, Idaho, Jellico, Argentina, Diamantina, Pasadena, Catalina, see what I mean-a.  I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Crossed the desert's bare, man. I've breathed the mountain air, man. Of travel I've a-had my share, man. I've been everywhere.  I've been to Pittsburgh, Parkersburg, Gravelbourg, Colorado, Ellensburg, Rexburg, Vicksburg, El Dorado, Larimore, Admore, Haverstraw, Chatanika, Chaska, Nebraska, Alaska, Opelika, Baraboo, Waterloo, Kalamazoo, Kansas City, Sioux City, Cedar City, Dodge City, what a pity.  I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. Crossed the desert's bare, man. I've breathed the mountain air, man. Of travel I've a-had my share, man. I've been everywhere.  I've been everywhere.|Country
johnnycash|Leave That Junk Alone|Well you come home ah' feeling For the knob on the door You better pick up your feet You're gonna' fall on the floor I keep on ah' telling you I'll tell you some more You better leave that Junk alone And drink water Lord that liquor's hot Drink water You don't wanna' be a sot You better lay down the bottle And put on the top And drink cool H20  Well your eyes are baggy And ah' bloodshot red It's been a week or two Since you've been in bed You better pay attention Now to what I said You better leave that Junk alone And drink water Lord that liquor's hot Drink water You don't wanna' be a sot You better lay down the bottle And put on the top And drink cool H20  Well now I'll forgive you For your running 'round If you just promise that You've come unwound I'll buy you anything You want in town If you'll leave that Junk alone And drink water Lord that liquor's hot Drink water You don't wanna' be a sot You better lay down the bottle And put on the top And drink Cool H2O|Country
johnnycash|Next in Line|The next in line will be someone who loves you The next in line is me, 'cause it's my time Now how long will it be, till you end my misery You better be prepared to linger, when you get to me The time has come for you to love me, if you ever are Come to me now, so I can make you mine I watched them rush to you so fast I waited so I'd be the last It's my time, 'cause I'm the next in line  The next in line will want your love forever The next in line is me and here I am Give me a day or two and I'll get through to you You'd been my baby long ago, if you'd turned down a few This old heart can't take much more waitin' for your love I'm tired and we're runnin' short of time I'll make you love me more than everyone before It's my time to try, 'cause I'm the next in line  I stood and watched you take their hearts And break 'em one by one My time is comin', so I waited while you had your fun Now I'm through a-waitin' way behind It's my time, 'cause I'm the next in line|Country
johnnycash|Give My Love To Rose|I found him by the railroad track this morning I could see that he was nearly dead I knelt down beside him and I listened Just to hear the words the dying fellow said  He said they let me out of prison out in Frisco For ten long years I've paid for what I've done I was trying to get back to Louisiana To see my Rose and get to know my son  Give my love to Rose please won't you mister? Take her all my money, tell her buy some pretty clothes Tell my boy that daddy's so proud of him And don't forget to give my love to Rose  Won't you tell them I said thanks for waiting for me Tell my boy to help his mom at home Tell my Rose to try to find another 'Cause it ain't right that she should live alone  Mister here's a bag with all my money It won't last them long the way it goes God bless you for finding me this morning Now don't forget to give my love to Rose  Give my love to Rose please won't you mister? Take her all my money, tell her buy some pretty clothes Tell my boy that daddy's so proud of him And don't forget to give my love to Rose|Country
johnnycash|I Won't Back Down|Well I won't back down, no I won't back down You can stand me up at the gates of hell But I won't back down  Gonna stand my ground, won't be turned around And I'll keep this world from draggin' me down Gonna stand my ground and I won't back down  Hey baby, there ain't no easy way out Hey I will stand my ground and I won't back down  Well I know what's right, I got just one life In a world that keeps on pushin' me around But I stand my ground and I won't back down  Hey baby, there ain't no easy way out Hey I will stand my ground and I won't back down No I won't back down.|Country
johnnycash|Solitary Man|Belinda was mine 'Til the time That I found her Holdin' Jim And lovin' him  Then Sue came along, Loved me strong, That's what I thought Me and Sue, But that died, too.  Don't know that I will But until I can find me A girl who'll stay And won't play Games behind me I'll be what I am A solitary man Solitary man  I've had it to here Being where Love's a small word A part-time thing A paper ring  I know it's been done Havin' one Girl who loved me Right or wrong Weak or strong  Don't know that I will But until I can find me The girl who'll stay And won't play Games behind me I'll be what I am A solitary man A solitary man  Don't know that I will But until Love can find me And the girl who'll stay And won't play Games behind me I'll be what I am A solitary man A solitary man Solitary man|Country
johnnycash|One|Is it getting better Or do you feel the same? Will it make it easier on you now If you've got someone to blame?  You said one love One life When it's one need In the night One love we get to share it It leaves you, baby, if you don't care for it  Did I disappoint you Or leave a bad taste in your mouth? You act like you never had love And you want me to go without  Well, it's too late Tonight To drag the past out Into the light We're one but we're not the same We get to carry each other Carry each other One  Have you come here for forgiveness? Have you come to raise the dead? Have you come here to play Jesus To the lepers in your head?  Did I ask too much? More than a lot? You gave me nothing now It's all I got We're one but we're not the same Well, we hurt each other and we're doing it again  You said love is a temple Love the higher law Love is a temple Love the higher law  You ask me to enter But then you make me crawl I can't be holding on To what you've got When all you've got is hurt  One love One blood One life You've got to do what you should One life with each other Sister Brothers One life but we're not the same We get to carry each other Carry each other One|Country
johnnycash|Nobody|When life seems full Of clouds and rain And I'm full Of nothin' but pain Who soothes my thumpin', bumpin' brain? Nobody  When wintertime comes With its snow and sleet And me with hunger And cold feet Who says "Here's two bits, go and eat"? Nobody  Well, I ain't never done nothin' to nobody I ain't never got nothin' from nobody, no time And until I get something from somebody, sometime I don't intend to do nothin' for nobody, no time  When summertime comes All warm and clear And my friends see me Drawin' near Who says "Come on in and have a beer"? Nobody  Well, one time when things was lookin' bright I started to whittlin' on a stick one night Who said "Hey! That's dynamite!"? Nobody  Mmmm, I ain't never done nothin' to nobody I ain't never got nothin' from nobody, no time And until I get something from somebody, sometime I don't intend to do nothin' for nobody, no time  I ain't never done nothin' to nobody I ain't never got nothin' from nobody, no time And until I get something from somebody, sometime I don't intend to do nothin' for nobody, no time|Country
johnnycash|Cold, Cold Heart|I tried so hard my dear to show that you're my every dream Yet you're afraid each thing I do is just some evil scheme Now a memory from your lonesome past keeps us so far apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart  Another love before my time made your heart sad and blue And so my heart is paying now for things I didn't do In anger unkind words are said they make the teardrops start Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart  Yeah, there was a time when I believed that you belonged to me But now I know your heart is shackled to a memory  The more I learn to care for you the more we drift apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart|Country
johnnycash|I See a Darkness|Well, you're my friend and can you see, Many times we've been out drinkin', Many times we've shared our thoughts, But did you ever, ever notice, the kind of thoughts I got?  Well, you know I have a love, a love for everyone I know. And you know I have a drive to live, I won't let go. But can you see this opposition comes rising up sometimes? That it's dreadful imposition, comes blacking in my mind.  And that I see a darkness. And that I see a darkness. And that I see a darkness. And that I see a darkness.  Did you know how much I love you? Is a hope that somehow you, Can save me from this darkness.  Well, I hope that someday, buddy, we have peace in our lives. Together or apart, alone or with our wives. And we can stop our whoring and pull the smiles inside. And light it up forever and never go to sleep. My best unbeaten brother, this isn't all I see.  Oh, no, I see a darkness. Oh, no, I see a darkness. Oh, no, I see a darkness. Oh, no, I see a darkness.  Did you know how much I love you? Is a hope that somehow you, Can save me from this darkness.|Country
johnnycash|Hey Good Lookin'|Hey hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me Hey hey sweet baby don't you think maybe we could find us a brand new recepie I got a hot rod Ford and a two dollar bill and I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancin's free if you wanna have fun come along with me Hey hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me  I'm free and ready so we can go steady how's about savin' all your time for me No more lookin' I know I've been tooken how's about keepin' steady company I'm gonna throw my datebook over the fence find me one for five or ten cents Keep it till it's covered with age cause I'm writin' your name down on every page Say hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me|Country
johnnycash|The Mercy Seat|It all began when they took me from my home and put me on Death Row. A crime for which I am totally innocent, you know.  I began to warm and chill To objects and their fields, A ragged cup, a twisted mop The face of Jesus in my soup Those sinister dinner deals The meal trolley's wicked wheels A hooked bone rising from my food And all things either good or ungood.  And the mercy seat is waiting And I think my head is burning And in a way I'm yearning To be done with all this weighing of the truth. An eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth And anyway I told the truth And I'm not afraid to die.  I hear stories from the chamber Christ was born into a manger And like some ragged stranger He died upon the cross Might I say It seems so fitting in its way He was a carpenter by trade Or at least that's what I'm told  My kill-hand's tattooed "E.V.I.L." Across its brother's fist That filthy five! They did nothing to challenge or resist.  In Heaven His throne is made of gold The Ark of his Testament is stowed A throne from which I'm told All history does unfold. It's made of wood and wire And my body is on fire And God is never far away.  Into the mercy seat I climb My head is shaved, my head is wired And like a moth that tries To enter the bright eye I go shuffling out of life Just to hide in death awhile And anyway I never lied.  And the mercy seat is waiting And I think my head is burning And in a way I'm yearning To be done with all this weighing of the truth. An eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth And anyway I told the truth And I'm not afraid to die  And the mercy seat is burning And I think my head is glowing And in a way I'm hopin' To be done with all this twistin' of the truth. An eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth And any way there was no proof And I'm not afraid to die  And the mercy seat is glowing And I think my head is smoking And in a way I'm hopin' To be done with all these looks of disbelief. A life for a life And a truth for a truth And I've got nothin' left to lose. And I'm not afraid to die  And the mercy seat is smoking And I think my head is melting And in a way that's helpin' To be done with all this twistin' of the truth An eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth And any way I told the truth But I'm afraid I told a lie.|Country
johnnycash|Field of Diamonds|Field of diamonds in the sky,  worlds are whirling right on by.  Are you wondering who am I? Fields of diamonds in the sky.  Am I just a star in some crown?  Or someone's life sun going down, down, down?  Field of diamonds in the sky,  silent beauty shining high.  Are you tears the angels cry? Field of diamonds in the sky   Field of diamonds in the sky,  like the night you pass me by.  I could touch you if I tried,  fields of diamonds in the sky.  Am I just a star in some crown?  Or someone's life sun going down, down, down?   Field of diamonds in the sky,  silent beauty shining high.  Are you tears the angels cry? Field of diamonds in the sky.|Country
johnnycash|Before My Time|I know that hearts were loving Long before I was here And I'm not the first to ever cry In my bed or in my beer There were songs before there was radio Of love that stays and love that goes They were writing melancholy tunes And tearful words that rhyme Before my time Before my time  There were songs in old dusty books Of love that's always been Sweet lovers in their glory Who are now gone with the wind Old fashion love words spoken then Keep coming back around again Nothings changed except the names Their love burns just like mine Before my time Before my time  And in the dim of yesterday I can clearly see That flesh and blood cried out to someone As it does in me And there was some old song that said I love you 'til I die Before my time Before my time  But what the old time masters had Is what I feel for you Love is love and doesn't change In a century or two If someway they had seen and knew How it would be for me and you They'd wish for love like yours And they would wish for love like mine Before my time Before my time|Country
johnnycash|Goodnight Irene|Last Saturday night I got married me and my wife settled down Now me and my wife are parted gonna take another stroll downtown  Irene goodnight Irene goodnight Goodnight Irene Goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams  Sometimes I live in the country sometimes I live in town Sometimes I take a fool notion to jump in the river and drown  Irene goodnight Irene goodnight Goodnight Irene Goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams  Stop your ramblin' stop your gamblin' stop stayin' out late at night Go home to your wife and family stay there by the fireside bright  Irene goodnight Irene goodnight Goodnight Irene Goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams|Country
johnnycash|Goodbye Little Darlin', Goodbye|Goodbye, little darlin', we're parting  Parting don't always mean goodbye  Although we had to part, you're always in my heart  Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye   Goodbye, little darlin', I'll miss you  Miss you like the stars would miss the sky  I hate to see you go, I'm gonna miss you so Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye   Goodbye, little darlin', I love you Love you until the day I die  Would you dream a dream of me, wherever you may be  Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye|Country
johnnycash|Country Trash|I got a crib full of corn and a turnin' plow, But the ground's too wet for the hopper now. Got a cultivator and a doubletree,<i>[1]</i> A leather line for the haw and gee.<i>[2]</i> Let the thunder roll and the lightnin' flash, I'm doin' alright for country trash.  I'm saving up dimes for a rainy day, I got about a dollar laid away. The wind's from the south and the fishing's good, Got a potbelly stove a cord<i>[3]</i> of wood. Mama turns the left-overs into hash, I'm doin' alright for country trash.  I got a mackinaw<i>[4]</i> and a huntin' dog. A cap I ordered from the catalog. A big tall tree that shades the yard, A big fat sow for the winter's lard. Let the thunder roll and the lightnin' flash, I'm doin' alright for country trash.  Well there's not much new ground left to plow, And crops need fertilizin' now. My hands don't earn me too much gold, For security when I grow old. But we'll all be equal under the grass, And God's got a heaven for country trash. And God's got a heaven for country trash. I'll be doin' alright for country trash.  <i>[A doubletree is a crossbar on a wagon or carriage to which two whiffletrees are attached for harnessing two animals abreast.]</i> <i>[When training animals, such as horses or oxen, the command to turn left is "haw" and the command to turn right is "gee."]</i> <i>[Firewood is measured in cords. One cord, also commonly called a full cord, is defined as 128 cubic feet, corresponding to a woodpile 4 feet wide × 4 feet high × 8 feet long.]</i> <i>[A mackinaw is type of jacket.]</i>|Country
johnnycash|I Love You Because|I love you because you understand dear Every little thing I try to do You're always there to lend a helping hand dear But most of all I love you cause you're you  No matter what may be the style or season I know your love will always see me through I love you for a hundred- thousand reasons But most of all I love you cause you're you  I love you because my heart is lighter Every time I'm walking by your side I love you because the future's brighter The glow to happiness you've opened wide  No matter what the world may say about me I know your heart will always be true I love you for the way you never doubt me But most of all I love you cause you're you|Country
johnnycash|Born to Lose|Born to lose, I've lived my life in vain Ev'ry dream has only brought me pain All my life I've always been so blue Born to lose, and now I'm losing you  Born to lose, it seems so hard to bear how I long to always have you near You've grown tired, and now you say we're through Born to lose, and now I'm losing you  Born to lose, my every hope is gone It's so hard to face that empty dawn You were all the happiness I knew Born to lose and now I'm losing you  There is no use to dream of happiness All I see is only loneliness All my life, I've always been so blue Born to lose, and now I'm losing you|Country
johnnycash|New Mexico|It was in the town of Griffin, the year was eighty three It was there an old cow puncher, stepped up and said to me How do you do young fellow and how would you like to go And spend a pleasant summer, out in New Mexico  I'll furnish you good wages, your transportation too If you will but go with me, one summer season through But if you should get homesick and back to Griffin go Then I'll furnish you no horses from the hills of Mexico  We left the town of Griffin in the merry month of May When all the world was lovely and everything was gay With saddles on our horses, marching over we did go Until we reached the logging out in New Mexico  It was there our pleasures ended and our troubles they began The first hail storm fell on us, those cattle how they ran Through all the thorns and thistles, us cowboys had to go While the Indians watched upon us, out in New Mexico  Well, when the drive was over, the riders would not pay To all you happy people, this much I have to say Go back to your friends and loved ones, tell others not to go To the God forsaken country, they call New Mexico|Country
johnnycash|Fools Hall of Fame|Well if I live to be a hundred, I won't forget the day  I broke the heart you gave me and let you walk away  That's when they hung my name in the fool's hall of fame  Ah baby since we've been apart, I can't console my heart  It cries and cries all night long  Can't I ever make you see this change you've made in me  Just give me a chance to tell you I was wrong  Yes they say that you'll forgive me and end this misery  You know I'll keep on a beggin till you come back to me  Don't leave me here in chains in the fool's hall of fame  Ah baby since we've been apart I can't console my heart  It cries and cries all night long  Baby can't you ever see the change you've made in me  Just give me a chance to tell you I was wrong  Yes they say that you'll forgive me and end this misery  You know I'll keep on beggin till you come back to me  Don't leave me here in chains in the fool's hall of fame  Don't leave me here in chains in the fool's hall of fame...|Country
johnnycash|Oh Lonesome Me|Everybody's going out and having fun I'm just a fool for staying home and having none I can't get over how she set set me free oh lonesome me  A bad mistake I'm making by just hanging round I know that I should have some fun and paint the town I thought of everything from A to Z oh lonesome me  I'll bet she's not like me she's out and fancy free Flirtin' with the boys with all her charms But I still love her so and brother don't you know I'd welcome her right back here in my arms  Well there must be some way I can lose these lonesome blues Forget about the past and find somebody new I thought of everything from A to Z oh lonesome me oh lonesome me  Well I'll bet she's not like me... Oh lonesome me|Country
johnnycash|Mary of the Wild Moor|It was on one cold winter night, When the wind blew across the wild moor. When Mary came wandering home with a child, 'Til she came to her own father's door.  "Father, dear father," she cried, "Come down and open the door, Or the child in my arms will perish and die, From the winds that blow across the wild moor."  But her father was deaf to her cry. Not a sound of a voice did he hear. So the watchdog did howl and the village bells tolled, And the wind blew across the wild moor.  Oh, how the old man must have felt, When he came to the door the next morn', And he found Mary dead but the child still alive, Closely grasping its dead mother's arms.  In grief, the old man passed away, And the child, to it's mother, went soon. And no one, they say, lives there to this day, And the cottage, to ruin, has gone.  But the villagers point out the spot, Where the willows grew over the door. Saying, "There Mary died, once the gay village bride, From the wind that blow across the wild moor."|Country
johnnycash|Wayfaring Stranger|I'm just a poor wayfarin' stranger, Travelin' through this world below. There is no sickness, no toil, no danger, In that bright land to which I go. I'm goin' there to see my father. And all my loved ones who've gone on.  I'm just goin' over Jordan. I'm just goin' over home.  I know dark clouds will gather 'round me, I know my way is hard and steep. But beauteous fields arise before me, Where God's redeemed, their vigils keep. I'm goin' there to see my mother. She said she'd meet me when I come.  So, I'm just goin' over Jordan. I'm just goin' over home.  I'm just goin' over Jordan. I'm just goin' over home.|Country
johnnycash|I Heard That Lonesome Whistle|He was riding Number 9 Heading south from Caroline He heard that long lonesome whistle blow  Got in trouble, had to roam Left his gal and left his home He heard that long lonesome whistle blow  Just a kid, acting smart He went and broke his darling's heart I guess he was too young to know  They took him off the Georgia Main Locked him to a ball and chain He heard that long lonesome whistle blow  All alone he bears the shame He's a number, not a name He heard that long lonesome whistle blow  All he does is sit and cry When the evening train goes by He heard that long lonesome whistle blow  He'll be locked there in this cell 'Til his body's just a shell And his hair turns whiter than snow  He'll never see that gal he pines He's in Georgia doing time He heard that long lonesome whistle blow|Country
johnnycash|A Thing Called Love|Six foot six he stood on the ground He weighed two hundred and thirty-five pounds But I saw that giant of a man brought down To his knees by love  He was the kind of man that would gamble on luck Look you in the eye and never back up But I saw him crying like a little whipped pup Because of love  You can't see it with your eyes, hold it in your hands But like the wind it covers our land Strong enough to rule the heart of any man This thing called love It can lift you up never let you down Take your world and turn it around Ever since time nothing's ever been found That's stronger than love  Most men are like me, they struggle and doubt They trouble their minds day in and day out Too busy with livin' to worry about A little word like love  But when I see a mother's tenderness As she holds her young close to her breast Then I thank god that the world's been blessed With a thing called love  You can't see it with your eyes, hold it in your hands But like the wind it covers our land Strong enough to rule the heart of any man This thing called love It can lift you up never let you down Take your world and turn it around Ever since time nothing's ever been found That's stronger than love Ever since time nothing's ever been found That's stronger than love|Country
johnnycash|Redemption Day|I've wept for those who suffer long But how I weep for those who've gone Into rooms of grief and questioned wrong But keep on killing  It's in the soul to feel such things But weak to watch without speaking Oh what mercy sadness brings If God be willing  There is a train that's heading straight To heaven's gate, to heaven's gate And on the way, child and man, And woman wait, watch and wait For redemption day  Fire rages in the streets And swallows everything it meets It's just an image often seen On television Come leaders, come you men of great Let us hear you pontificate Your many virtues laid to waste And we aren't listening  There is a train that's heading straight To heaven's gate, to heaven's gate And on the way, child and man, And woman wait, watch and wait For redemption day  What do you have for us today? Throw us a bone but save the plate On why we waited til so late Was there no oil to excavate No riches in trade for the fate Of every person who died in hate Throw us a bone, you men of great  There is a train that's heading straight To heaven's gate, to heaven's gate And on the way, child and man, And woman wait, watch and wait For redemption day  It's buried in the countryside It's exploding in the shells at night It's everywhere a baby cries Freedom  Freedom Freedom|Country
johnnycash|For the Good Times|Don't look so sad, I know it's over. But life goes on, and this old world will keep on turning. Let's just be glad we had some time to spend together. There's no need to watch the bridges that we're burning.  Lay your head upon my pillow. Hold your warm and tender body close to mine. Hear the whisper of the raindrops, Blowin' soft against the window, And make believe you love me one more time, For the good times.  I'll get along; you'll find another, And I'll be here if you should find you ever need me. Don't say a word about tomorrow or forever, There'll be time enough for sadness when you leave me.  Lay your head upon my pillow. Hold your warm and tender body close to mine. Hear the whisper of the raindrops, Blowin' soft against the window, And make believe you love me one more time, For the good times.|Country
johnnycash|San Quentin|San Quentin, you've been livin' hell to me You've blistered me since nineteen sixty three I've seen 'em come and go and I've seen them die And long ago I stopped askin' why  San Quentin, I hate every inch of you. You've cut me and you scarred me through and through. And I'll walk out a wiser weaker man; Mister Congressman you can't understand.  San Quentin, what good do you think you do? Do you think I'll be different when you're through? You bend my heart and mind and you warp my soul, And your stone walls turn my blood a little cold.  San Quentin, may you rot and burn in hell. May your walls fall and may I live to tell. May all the world forget you ever stood. And may all the world regret you did no good.  San Quentin, I hate every inch of you.|Country
johnnycash|I Corinthians 15:55|O Death, where is thy sting? O Grave, where is they victory? O Life, you are a shining path. And hope springs eternal, just over the rise, When I see my redeemer beckoning me.  Oh row my ship over the waves of your sea Let me find a safe port now and then Don't let the dark one in your sanctuary Until it's time to pack it in  O, row, row my ship With the fire of your breath And don't lay a broadside on your ship as yet Blow ye warm winds When it's chilly and wet And don't come to soon yet For collecting my debt  O Death, where is thy sting? O Grave, where is they victory? O Life, you are a shining path. And hope springs eternal, just over the rise, When I see my redeemer beckoning me.  Oh let me sail on With my ship to the East And keep my eye on the North Star When the journey is no good for man or for beast I'll be safe wherever you are  Just let me sail into your harbor of lights And there and forever to cast out my night Give me my task And let me do it right And do it with all of my might  O Death, where is thy sting? O Grave, where is they victory? O Life, you are a shining path. And hope springs eternal, just over the rise, When I see my redeemer beckoning me.|Country
hankwilliams|Your Cheatin' Heart|Your cheatin' heart Will make you weep You'll cry and cry And try to sleep But sleep won't come The whole night through Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...  When tears come down Like falling rain You'll toss around And call my name You'll walk the floor The way I do Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...  Your cheatin' heart Will pine some day And crave the love You threw away The time will come When you'll be blue Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...  When tears come down Like falling rain You'll toss around And call my name You'll walk the floor The way I do Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...|Country
johnnycash|Can't Help but Wonder Where I'm Bound|It's a long and dusty road, It's a hot and a heavy load and the folks I meet ain't always kind Some are bad and some are good Some have done the best they could Some have tried to ease my troubled mind  And I can't help but wonder Where I'm bound, where I'm bound Can't help but wonder where I'm bound  I've been wanderin' through this land just a-doin' the best I can Tryin' to find what I was meant to do And the people that I see look as worried as can be And it looks like they are wonderin' too (To Chorus)  We, I had a little girl one time, she had lips like sherry wine And she loved me till my head went plumb insane But I was too blind to see she was driftin' away from me And my good gal went off on the morning train (To Chorus)  If you see me passing by and you sit and you wonder why and you wish that you were rambling too Nail your shoes to the kitchen floor, lace 'em up and bar the door Thank your stars for the roof that's over you  And I can't help but wonder Where I'm bound, where I'm bound Can't help but wonder where I'm bound|Country
hankwilliams|You Win Again|The news is out - all over town That you've been seen - a-runnin' 'round I know that I - should leave, but then I just can't go - you win again.  This heart of mine - could never see What ev'rybod - y knew but me Just trusting you - was my great sin What can I do - you win again.  I'm sorry for - your victim now 'Cause soon his head - like mine will bow He'll give his heart - but all in vain And someday say - you win again.  You have no heart - you have no shame You take true love - and give the blame I guess that I - should not complain I love you still - you win again.|Country
hankwilliams|Cold Cold Heart|I tried so hard,my dear,to show that you're my every dream Yet you're afraid each thing I do is just some evil scheme A memory from your lonesome past keeps us so far apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  Another love before my time made your heart sad and blue And so my heart is paying now for things I didn't do In anger, unkind words are said that make the teardrops start Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  You'll never know how much it hurts to see you sit and cry You know you need and want my love, yet you're afraid to try Why do you run and hide from life, to try it just ain't smart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  There was a time when I believed that you belonged to me But now I know your heart is shackled to a memory The more I learn to care for you, the more we drift apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?|Country
johnnycash|A Satisfied Mind|How many times have You heard someone say If I had his money I could do things my way  But little they know That it's so hard to find One rich man in ten With a satisfied mind  Once I was winning In fortune and fame Everything that I dreamed for To get a start in life's game  Then suddenly it happened I lost every dime But I'm richer by far With a satisfied mind  Money can't buy back Your youth when you're old Or a friend when you're lonely Or a love that's grown cold  The wealthiest person Is a pauper at times Compared to the man With a satisfied mind  When my life has ended And my time has run out My friends and my loved ones I'll leave there's no doubt  But one thing's for certain When it comes my time I'll leave this old world With a satisfied mind  How many times have You heard someone say If I had his money I could do things my way  But little they know That it's so hard to find One rich man in ten With a satisfied mind|Country
hankwilliams|I Could Never Be Ashamed of You|Everybody says you let me down That I should be ashamed to take you 'round Makes no difference what you used to do; Darling, I could never be ashamed of you.  Maybe you were reckless yesterday but together, we can find a brighter way. In my heart, I know that you'll come through Darling, I could never be ashamed of you  All the happiness I've ever known came the day you said you'd be my own and it matters not what we go through Darlin I could never be ashamed of you  Maybe you've been cheated in the past, and perhaps those memories will always last even though you proved to be untrue darlin I could never be ashamed of you.|Country
hankwilliams|Settin' the Woods on Fire|You sing loud and I'll sing louder tonight we're settin' the woods on fire You're my gal and I'm your feller dress up in your frock of yeller I'll look swell but you'll look sweller settin' the woods on fire We'll take in all the honky tonks tonight we're havin' fun We'll show the folks a brand new dance that never has been done I don't care who thinks we're silly you'll be daffy and I'll be dilly We'll order up two bowls of chili settin' the woods on fire <i>[ steel - fiddle ]</i> I'll gas up my hot rod stoker we'll get hotter than a poker You'll be broke but I'll be broker tonight we're settin' the woods on fire We'll sit close to one another up one street and down the other We'll have us a time oh brother settin' the woods on fire We'll put aside a little time to fix a flat or two My tires and tubes are doin' fine but the air is showin' through You clap hands and I'll start bowin' we'll do all the laws allowin' Tomorrow I'll be right back plowin' settin' the woods on fire|Country
hankwilliams|Hey Good Lookin'|Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me? Hey, sweet baby - don't you think maybe We can find us a brand new recipe?  I got a hot rod Ford, and a two dollar bill And I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancing's free So if you wanna have fun, come along with me  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?  I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about saving all your time for me? No more lookin' - I know I been tookin' Hows about keepin' steady company?  I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence And buy me one for five or ten cents I'll keep it till it's covered with age Cause I'm writin' your name down on every page  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?|Country
hankwilliams|Kaw-Liga|KAW-LIGA, was a wooden Indian standing by the door He fell in love with an Indian maid over in the antique store KAW-LIGA - A, just stood there and never let it show So she could never answer "YES" or "NO".  He always wore his Sunday feathers and held a tomahawk The maiden wore her beads and braids and hoped someday he'd talk KAW-LIGA - A, too stubborn to ever show a sign Because his heart was made of knotty pine.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Poor ol' KAW-LIGA, he never got a kiss Poor ol' KAW-LIGA, he don't know what he missed Is it any wonder that his face is red KAW-LIGA, that poor ol' wooden head.  KAW-LIGA, was a lonely Indian never went nowhere His heart was set on the Indian maiden with the coal black hair KAW-LIGA - A, just stood there and never let it show So she could never answer "YES" or "NO".  Then one day a wealthy customer bought the Indian maid And took her, oh, so far away, but ol' KAW-LIGA stayed KAW-LIGA - A, just stands there as lonely as can be And wishes he was still an old pine tree.  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
johnnycash|I Don't Hurt Anymore|It don't hurt anymore All my teardrops have dried No more walkin' the floor With that burnin' inside Just to think it could be Time has opened the door And at last I am free I don't hurt anymore  No use to deny I wanted to die The day you said we were through But now that I find you're out of my mind I can't believe that it's true I've forgotten somehow That I cared so before And it's wonderful now I don't hurt anymore  No use to deny I wanted to die The day you said we were through But now that I find you're out of my mind I can't believe that it's true I've forgotten somehow That I cared so before And it's wonderful now I don't hurt anymore|Country
hankwilliams|Half as Much|If you love me half as much as I love you You wouldn't worry me half as much as you do You're nice to me when there's no one else around You only build me up to let me down  If you missed me half as much as I miss you You wouldn't stay away half as much as you do I know that I would never be this blue If you only loved me half as much as I love you  If you love me half as much as I love you You wouldn't worry me half as much as you do You're nice to me when there's no one else around You only build me up to let me down  If you missed me half as much as I miss you You wouldn't stay away half as much as you do I know that I would never be this blue If you only loved me half as much as I love you|Country
hankwilliams|Alone and Forsaken|We met in the springtime when blossoms unfold The pastures were green and the meadows were gold Our love was in flower as summer grew on Her love like the leaves now has withered and gone.  The roses have faded, there's frost at my door The birds in the morning don't sing anymore The grass in the valley is starting to die And out in the darkness the whippoorwills cry.  Alone and forsaken by fate and by man  Oh, lord, if you hear me please hold to my hand Oh, please understand.  Oh, where has she gone to, oh, where can she be She may have forsaken some other like me She promised to honor, to love and obey Each vow was a plaything that she threw away.  The darkness is falling, the sky has turned gray A hound in the distance is starting to "bay" I wonder, I wonder - what she's thinking of Forsaken, forgotten - without any love.  Alone and forsaken by fate and by man|Country
hankwilliams|Please Don't Let me Love You|Oh! Plea-ease - don't let me love you Just because I'm feelin' blue And Plea-ease - don't let me kiss you 'Cause I know you'll be untrue.  Because you're sweet dear, I want to love you Plea-ease - stay away from my heart And Plea-ease - don't let me love you 'Cause I know you'll break my heart.  Oh! Plea-ease - don't call me darlin' When I know you don't love me And Plea-ease - don't whisper sweetheart For I know it just can't be  When I'm lonely, I want you only Where is the dream I once knew Oh! Plea-ease - don't let me love you 'Cause I know you'll be untrue.|Country
johnnycash|Cool Water|All day I've faced a barren waste Without the taste of water, cool water Old Dan and I with throats burnt dry And souls that cry for water Cool, clear, water  Keep a-movin, Dan, don'tcha listen to him, Dan He's a devil, not a man And he spreads the burning sand with water Dan, can ya see that big, green tree? Where the water's runnin' free And it's waitin' there for me and you? It's water, cool, clear water.  The nights are cool and I'm a fool Each star's a pool of water Cool water But with the dawn I'll wake and yawn And carry on to water Cool, clear, water  Keep a-movin, Dan, don'tcha listen to him, Dan He's a devil, not a man And he spreads the burning sand with water Dan, can ya see that big, green tree? Where the water's runnin' free And it's waitin' there for me and you?  It's water, cool, clear, water Cool, clear, water Cool, clear, water|Country
hankwilliams|Ramblin' Man|I can settle down and be doin' just fine Til' I hear an old train rollin' down the line Then I hurry straight home and pack And if I didn't go, I believe I'd blow my stack  I love you baby, but you gotta understand When the Lord made me, He made a Ramblin' Man  Some folks might sa-ay that I'm no good That I wouldn't settle down if I could But when that open ro-oad starts to callin' me There's somethin' o'er the hill that I gotta see  Sometimes it's har-rd but you gotta understand When the Lord made me, He made a Ra-amblin' Man  I love to see the towns a-passin' by And to ride these rails, 'neath God's blue sky Let me travel this land from the mountains to the sea 'Cause that's the life I believe, He meant for me  And when I'm go-one and at my grave you stand Just say God called home your Ra-amblin' Man|Country
johnnycash|Last Night I Had the Strangest Dream|Last night I had the strangest dream I've ever known before I dreamed that all the world agreed to put an end to war I dreamed I saw a mighty room, the room was filled with men And the papers they were signing said they'd never fight again  And when the papers were all signed, and a million copies made They all shook hands and bowed their heads and grateful prayers were prayed And the people in the streets below were dancing round and round While swords and guns and uniforms lay scattered on the ground  Last night I had the strangest dream I've ever known before I dreamed that all the world agreed to put an end to war|Country
johnnycash|Aloha Oe|Proudly swept the rain cloud by the cliffs As on it glided through the trees Still following, with glee, the liko The a hihi lehua of the valley  Aloha, oe, aloha oe, E ke onaona noho i ka lipo One fond embrace, a hoi ae au, Until we meet again  Aloha oe, aloha oe, E ke onaona noho i ka lipo One embrace, a hoi ae au, Until we meet again|Country
johnnycash|Shepherd of My Heart|You're the shepherd of my heart so treat it tenderly  It's a heart that needs your everloving care  You're the shepherd of my heart until eternity lead it not into the valley of despair  While it's in your keeping guard it with your love  Shelter it from harm along life's way  You're the shepherd of my heart and darling honestly  It's a heart that will not ever go astray  You're the shepherd of my heart so surely you must know  You have but to speak and my heart will obey  It's at your command my dear because it loves you so  So my darling shepherd guide it where you may  If it be green pastures or a rocky road it will follow you and not ask why  You're the shepherd of my heart until the trumpet blows  And I go to meet the shepherd in the sky|Country
hankwilliams|Lost Highway|I'm a rollin' stone all alone and lost For a life of sin I've paid the cost When I pass by all the people say Just another guy on the lost highway  Just a deck of cards and a jug of wine And a woman's lies makes a life like mine On the day we met, I went astray I started rollin' down that lost highway  I was just a lad, nearly twenty two Neither good nor bad, just a kid like you And now I'm lost, too late to pray Lord I paid a cost on the lost highway  Now boys don't start to ramblin' round On this road of sin are you sorrow bound Take my advice or you'll curse the day You started rollin' down that lost highway|Country
hankwilliams|I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry|Hear that lonesome whippoorwill He sounds too blue to fly The midnight train is whining low I'm so lonesome I could cry  I've never seen a night so long When time goes crawling by The moon just went behind the clouds To hide its face and cry  Did you ever see a robin weep When leaves began to die? Like me, he's lost the will to live I'm so lonesome I could cry  The silence of a falling star Lights up a purple sky And as I wonder where you are I'm so lonesome I could cry|Country
hankwilliams|Cold, Cold Heart|I tried so hard,my dear,to show that you're my every dream Yet you're afraid each thing I do is just some evil scheme A memory from your lonesome past keeps us so far apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  Another love before my time made your heart sad and blue And so my heart is paying now for things I didn't do In anger, unkind words are said that make the teardrops start Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  You'll never know how much it hurts to see you sit and cry You know you need and want my love, yet you're afraid to try Why do you run and hide from life, to try it just ain't smart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  There was a time when I believed that you belonged to me But now I know your heart is shackled to a memory The more I learn to care for you, the more we drift apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?|Country
hankwilliams|I'll Never Get Out of This World Alive|Now you're lookin' at a man that's gettin' kind-a mad I had lot's of luck but it's all been bad No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  My fishin' pole's broke the creek is full of sand My woman run away with another man No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  A distant uncle passed away and left me quite a batch And I was livin'g high until that fatal day A lawyer proved I wasn't born I was only hatched  Ev'rything's again' me and it's got me down If I jumped in the river I would prob'ly drown No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  These shabby shoes I'm wearin' all the time Are full of holes and nails And brother if I stepped on a worn out dime I bet a nickel I could tell you if it was heads or tails  I'm not gonna worry wrinkles in my brow 'Cause nothin's ever gonna be alright nohow No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  I could buy a Sunday suit and it would leave me broke If it had two pair of pants I would burn the coat No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  If it was rainin' gold I wouldn't stand a chance I wouldn't have a pocket in my patched up pants No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive|Country
hankwilliams|I've Been Down That Road Before|Now friend if you'll just listen to me you'll get some good hard earned advice I don't aim to meddle in your business I'm just tryin' to save you an awful price Now you see these teeth that I ain't got and these knots on my bald head I'll guarantee you boys I didn't get them there lyin' at home in the bed Now take the smart aleck in any town of him folks want no part He acts like his head was only made to hold his ears apart Now he might like what I'm bout to say and my words might make him sore But I'm just tryin' to be helpful cause I've been down that road before To bully folks and play mean tricks was once my pride and joy Till one day I was toted home and mama didn't know her little boy My head was swelled up so doggone big I couldn't get it through my front door Now I ain't just talkin' to hear myself cause I've been down that road before A little fellow about my size got tired of being pushed about So he went to work and when he got through he'd knocked every one of my teeth out One time too many I'd rubbed him wrong and he evened up the score Now that's what happens when you get too big for your britches And I've been down that road before Now when you get to thinkin' you're really smart There's always somebody smarter than you And no matter how much you boast and brag you can still learn a thing or two Go get you some treatments just like I've had and you won't hanker for more I really learned the meaning of living and loving I've been down that road before Now the man that walks this rocky road usually gets just what he deserves Cause he's just a helpless servant to a master that he serves Now I've learned to slow my temper down and not to pick no scraps no more Boys it's a lot easier on the head and eyes I've been down that road before|Country
johnnycash|Supper-Time|Many years ago in days of childhood I used to play till evening shadows came Then winding down an old familiar pathway I hear my mother call at setting sun Come home come home it's suppertime the shadows lengthen fast Come home come home it's suppertime we're going home at last Through the distant clouds I see my mother Her face is shining bright, with tender love She's gone up in heaven, with her maker And I can still hear her voice, from up above (and she said) Come home come home it's suppertime the shadows lengthen fast Come home come home it's suppertime we're going home at last|Country
johnnycash|Drink to Me|Magnificent Johnny Cash      Get the ringtone     Share     Comments     Print     Correct  Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me  A rose, a carnation, the lily and an orchid make such a pretty bouquet (Drink to me, drink to me) But only the orchid was worthy of you, so I threw all the others away (Drink to me, drink to me) Then you took the orchid and you breathed on its petals  And after a day or two The flower still blooms but the scent's not the orchids It carries the savor of you  Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me  So if you're gonna drink to me, drink with your eyes And I'll never cry for wine (Drink to me, drink to me) Or leave a kiss in an empty coffee cup then pass it from your lips to mine (Drink to me, drink to me)  'Cause I've got a thirst burning way down in my soul And honey from a sugar tree Is not half as sweet as the air that you breathe Honey come here and drink to me  Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me, drink to me Drink to me|Country
hankwilliams|I Saw the Light|I wandered so aimless life filled with sin I wouldn't let my dear saviour in Then Jesus came like a stranger in the night Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I saw the light I saw the light No more darkness no more night Now I'm so happy no sorrow in sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.  Just like a blind man I wandered along Worries and fears I claimed for my own Then like the blind man that God gave back his sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I saw the light I saw the light No more darkness no more night Now I'm so happy no sorrow in sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I was a fool to wander and a-stray Straight is the gate and narrow the way Now I have traded the wrong for the right Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I saw the light I saw the light No more darkness no more night Now I'm so happy no sorrow in sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.|Country
johnnycash|The Man on the Hill|Will we get cold and hungry Will times be very bad? When we're needin' bread and meat Where we gonna get it, Dad?  We'll get it from the man In the house on the hill Yes we will from the man on the hill  Ploughin' time is over Still the fields are bare How we gonna make a livin' With twenty acres to share?  I'll beg for more land From the man on the hill Yes I will, I'll ask the man on the hill  I ain't got no Sunday shoes That I can wear to town Papa reckon the boss has got A pair of hand-me-downs  I'll go and ask the man In the house on the hill Yes I will, I'll ask the man on the hill  Maybe he will help us Maybe we'll get by But who's gonna pay the dyin' bills If we all should die  We'll leave it to the man In the sky when we die Yes we'll leave it to the man in the sky|Country
johnnycash|Hank and Joe and Me|In the desert where we searched for gold The days're hot the nights're cold Hank and Joe and me walked on So bold and brave and free  For days and days we fought the heat I got so thirsty and I got so weak And when I fell 'cause I couldn't go I heard Hank say to Joe  He's dyin' (Dyin' dyin') For water Hear him cryin' (Cryin' cryin') For water  Well lay him down in the dust and sand he said Joe you know he's a dyin' man Leave him there and let him die I can't stand to hear him cry for water  I don't remember how long I lay But when I awoke it was the break of day Buzzards circled miles ahead I knew Hank and Joe were dead  My eyes were dimmed but I could see A bed of gold nuggets under me Now I know that it won't be long Till they decorate my bones  'Cause I'm dyin' (Dyin' dyin') For water Can't help cryin' (Cryin' cryin') For water  Well they laid me down in the dust and sand he said Joe you know he's a dyin' man Leave him there and let him die I can't stand to hear him cry for water He couldn't stand to hear me cry for water|Country
hankwilliams|Please Make up Your Mind|When I agree with you baby it makes you mad and when I don't it makes you sad When I argue back you pack and leave and when I don't you pout in grieve There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do You say get out and I'd better stay gone Then you have a big policeman drag me back home You holler good and loud put him in the calaboose Then you cry and ask the judge won't you please turn him loose The good Lord only knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do My life with you baby has been one hard knock Lord my head looks like an old chop block And I'll tell you right now honey that ain't all You done kicked me till I feel like a used football There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do You knock me down and then you pick me up Honey do you have to love so doggone rough I wish to my soul you'd slow down the pace Cause I tell you right now the hide's gettin' sca'ce There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do Why when I married you, you were such a meek little thing But honey among tigers you'd be queen If a poor little rabbit had you on his side Every hound in the country would crawl off and hide There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind  What in the confounded cat hair you want me to do|Country
hankwilliams|Someday You'll Call My Name|Someday you'll call my name and I won't answer Someday you'll reach for me I won't be there For you've grown tired of all the love I gave you But someday you'll wish that I still care.  All these years how I've loved you Still I know I claim you for my own Someday you'll call my name and I won't answer For someday you'll find yourself alone.  When you hair has turned from Gold to Silver And your eyes are dimmed by passing years You'll remember darling what I told you There'll be no one then to dry your tears.  There'll come a time in your life dear When you'll need someone who will care Someday you'll call my name and I won't answer For someday you'll find that I'm not there.|Country
johnnycash|Clementine|(Oh my darlin' Clementine)  She knew that Cody was the man she wanted But she had waited nearly all her life Just one more trip to town to tell the boys goodbye Then he'd be back to take her for his wife  (Don't you worry) Clementine  Cody saddled up and left his darlin' Then rode to town to celebrate his plan He told 'em this would be his last carousing' "I'm gonna settle down boys if I can"  (With my darlin') Clementine  Someone said, "It must have been past midnight When Cody had to face a jealous man " Another story goes that no one really knows But it seems there was a dance hall girl called Nan  (Don't you tell) Clementine  We do know that the shot or two was heard from some back room Then there was a silence in the place Just one more trip to town but all his chips were down They found Cody lyin' on his face  (Softly callin') Clementine  So buddies, make a monument to lay down at his head Sure you hate to leave your pal behind Mother, help your daughter put her weddin' dress away 'Cause Cody won't be ridin' back this time  (To his darlin') Clementine|Country
hankwilliams|Ready to Go Home|There's comin' a day when the world shall melt away And Jesus shall come to claim His own No more tears, no pain, no woe, in this wicked world below Then will you be ready to go home  Will you be ready to go, ready to go home To live with Him up there around the throne When He says come unto Me, will your soul be clean and free Then will you be ready to go home  In this world of greed and hate will you wait til it's too late To claim the Saviour for your own For He's coming someday, to bear your soul away Then will you be ready to go home  As you travel day by day, down life's long highway Are you on the road that leads to wrong If you'll just travel in His light and pray both day and night Then you'll be ready to go home|Country
hankwilliams|Weary Blues From Waitin'|Weary blues from waitin' Lord, I've been waitin' too long These blues have got me  cryin'  The snow falls 'round my window But it can't chill my heart God knows it died the day you left My dream world fell a part.  Weary blues from waitin' Lord, I've been waitin' too long These blues have got me  cryin'  Thru tears I watch young lovers As they go strollin' by Oh, all the things that might have been God forgive me if I cry.  Weary blues from waitin' Lord, I've been waitin' too long These blues have got me  cryin'|Country
hankwilliams|I Can't Escape From You|I've tried and tried to run and hide To find a life that's new But where I go, I always know I can't escape from you.  A jug of wine to numb my mind But what good does it do The jug runs dry and still I cry I can't escape from you.  These wasted tears are souvenirs Of a love I thought was true Your memory is chained to me I can't escape from you.  There is no end, I can't pretend That dreams will soon come true A slave too long to a heart of stone I can't escape from you.|Country
johnnycash|I Want to Go Home|We sailed on the ship John B, my grandfather and me Around Nassau town we did roam Drinking all night, got into a fight Well, I feel so homesick I wanna go home  So hoist up the John B sail, see how the mainsail sets Call for the captain ashore, let me go home Let me go home, why don't you let me go home? Well, I feel so homesick I wanna go home  The first mate, he got drunk, broke up the people's trunk Constable had to come and take him away Sheriff John Stone, why don't you leave me alone? Well, I feel so homesick I wanna go home  Then the cook, he caught the fits, threw out all of my grits Then he took and ate up all of my corn Let me go home, why don't you let me go home? Well, this is the worst trip since I have been born  So hoist up the John B sail, see how the mainsail sets Call for the captain ashore, let me go home Let me go home, why don't you let me go home? Well, I feel so homesick I wanna go home|Country
johnnycash|The Caretaker|I live in the cemetery 'Old Caretaker' they call me In the wintertime I rake the leaves And in the summer I cut the weeds  When a funeral comes The people cry and pray They bury their dead Then they all go away  And here I work And I somehow hide From a world that rushes By outside  But each night When I rest my head I'm contented As the peaceful death  But who's gonna cry When old John dies? Who's gonna cry When old John dies?  Once I was a young man Dashing with the girls Now no one wants an old man When I lost my handsome curls  But I wanna say When my time comes Lay me facin' The rising sun  Put me in a corner Where I buried my pup Tell the preacher to pray Then cover me up  Don't lay flowers Where my head should be Maybe God would Let some grow for me  And all the little children That I love like my own Will they be sorry That Old John's gone?  Who's gonna cry When Old John dies? Who's gonna cry When Old John dies?|Country
johnnycash|Old Apache Squaw|Old Apache Squaw, how many long lean years you saw? How many bitter winter nights shiverin' in a cold teepee? Shiverin' in a cold teepee Old Apache Squaw, how many hungry kids you saw? How many bloody warriors runnin' to the sea, fleein' to the sea?  Well, now they tell me that you saw Cochise When he made his last stand He said, "The next white man that sees my face Is gonna be a dead white man"  Old Apache Squaw, how many broken hearts you saw? Have you had misty eyes for years? Could that mist be tears? Could that mist be tears?  Well, now they tell me that you saw Cochise When he made his last stand He said, "The next white man that sees my face Is gonna be a dead white man"  Old Apache Squaw, how many broken hearts you saw? You've had misty eyes for years Could that mist be tears? Could that mist be tears? Old Apache Squaw|Country
johnnycash|Don't Step on Mother's Roses|We all were called to come back To the old home on the farm Mother's passed away, what a mournful day And as my daddy watched His eyes were filled with pain and hurt When someone stepped upon a rose And crushed it in the dirt  "Don't step on Mother's roses," Daddy cried "She planted them the day she was my bride And every time I see a rose, I see her smilin' face She made my darkest days look bright 'Round the old home place"  "Don't step on Mother's roses, let 'em grow The way they did since many years ago They'll bloom for me each year And I'll have Mother near Don't step on Mother's roses, let 'em grow"  Years have passed away And how the old home place has changed Daddy had to go, we all miss him so Children pick the roses as they go along the way But when their petals are abused, I hear my daddy say  "Don't step on Mother's roses," Daddy cried "She planted them the day she was my bride And every time I see a rose, I see her smilin' face She made my darkest days look bright 'Round the old home place"  "Don't step on Mother's roses, let 'em grow The way they did since many years ago They'll bloom for me each year And I'll have Mother near Don't step on Mother's roses, let 'em grow"|Country
hankwilliams|Angel of Death|In the great book of John You're warned of the day When you'll be laid Beneath the cold clay  The Angel of Death Will come from the sky And claim up your soul When the time comes to die  When the Angel of Death Comes down after you Can you smile and say That you have been true  Can you truthfully say With your dying breath That you're ready to meet The Angel of Death  When the lights all grow dim And the dark shadows creep And then your lived ones Are gathered to weep  Can you face them and say With your dying breath That you're ready to meet The Angel of Death  When the Angel of Death Comes down after you Can you smile and say That you have been true  Can you truthfully say With your dying breath That you're ready to meet The Angel of Death|Country
johnnycash|My Grandfather's Clock|My grandfather's clock was too large for the shelf So it stood ninety years on the floor It was taller by half than the old man himself Though it weighed not a pennyweight more  It was bought on the morn of the day that he was born And was always his treasure and pride But it stopped, short never to go again When the old man died  Ninety years without slumbering tik,tlk,tik,tok His life seconds numbering tik,tok,tik,tok It stopped, short never to go again When the old man died  My grandfather said that of those he could hire Not a servant so faithful he found For it wasted no time and had but one desire At the close of each week to be wound  And it kept in its place, not a frown upon its face And its hands never hung by its side But it stopped short, never to go again When the old man died  It rang and alarmed in the dead of the night An alarm that for years had been dumb And we knew that his spirit was pluming for flight That his hour for departure had come  Still the clock kept the time with a soft and muffled chime As we silently stood by his side But it stopped short, never to go again When the old man died  Ninety years without slumbering His life seconds numbering It stopped short, never to go again When the old man died|Country
johnnycash|The Long Black Veil|Ten years ago, on a cold dark night Someone was killed 'neath the town hall light There were few at the scene, but they all agreed That the slayer who ran looked a lot like me  The judge said: Son, what is your alibi? If you were somewhere else, then you won't have to die I spoke not a word, though it meant my life For I'd been in the arms of my best friend's wife  She walks these hills in a long black veil She visits my grave when the night winds wail Nobody knows, nobody sees Nobody knows but me  Oh, the scaffold is high, and eternity's near She stood in the crowd and shed not a tear But late at night, when the north wind blows In a long black veil, she cries over my bones  She walks these hills in a long black veil She visits my grave when the night winds wail Nobody knows, nobody sees Nobody knows but me|Country
hankwilliams|Where the Old Red River Flows|I'm dreaming tonight of Dixie cotton fields and Whippoorwills  Where I used to live and wander through the rocks and through the rivs  I can see my old dear mammy while around the place she'd go On my farm in Louisiana where the old Red River flows  Ayyy deeeeee dooooloooooooooo  You can hear those darkies crooning soft and low  And the twilight in the evening so loooooo so soft and loooooooo  On my farm in Louisiana where the old Red River flows   Well the lights tonight on Broadway electric lights shine bright as day  On the beach at Coney Island where the laughter makes you gay  But I'm going back tonight love on the icy wind she goes To my farm in Louisiana where the old Red River flows  Ayyy deeeeee dooooloooooooooo  You can hear those darkies crooning soft and low  And the twilight in the evening so loooooo so soft and loooooooo  On my farm in Louisiana where the old Red River flows|Country
hankwilliams|The Alabama Waltz|I was sad and blue, I was down-hearted, too It seemed like the whole world was lost And I took a chance, and we happened to dance To the tune of the ALABAMA WALTZ.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> Waltz, Waltz, the ALABAMA WALTZ There all my fears and tears were lost There in your arms, with all of your charms We danced to the ALABAMA WALTZ.  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Cat's in the Cradle|A child arrived the other day, He came to the world in the usual way. But there were planes to catch and bills to pay, He learned to walk while I was away, And he was talking 'fore I knew it. And as he grew he'd say, "I'm gonna be like you dad, You know I'm gonna be like you."  And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man in the moon. When you coming home dad? "I don't know when, But we'll get together then, You know we'll have a good time then."  My son turned ten just the other day, He said, "Thanks for the ball come on let's play, Can you teach me to throw?" I said, "Not today, I got a lot to do." He said, "That's okay." He walked away but his smile never dimmed, He said, "I'm gonna be like him, yeah, you know I'm gonna be like him."  And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man in the moon. When you coming home dad? "I don't know when, But we'll get together then, You know we'll have a good time then."  Well he came from college just the other day, So much like a man I just had to say, "Son I'm proud of you, can you sit for a while." He shook his head and then he said with a smile, "What I'd really like dad is to borrow the car keys, See you later can I have them please."  And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man in the moon. When you coming home son? "I don't know when, But we'll have a good time then dad, You know we'll have a good time then."  I've long since retired my son's moved away. I called him up just the other day, I said, "I'd like to see you if you don't mind." He said, "I'd love to dad if I could find the time, You see my new job's a hassle and the kids have the flu, But it's sure nice talking to you dad, It's been sure nice talking to you."  And as I hung up the phone it occurred to me, He'd grown up just like me, my boy was just like me.|Country
johnnycash|As Long as I Live|As long as I live if it be one hour or if it be one hundred years I'll keep remembering forever and ever I'll love you dear as long as I live It was easy said the night we parted that we'd forget we'd ever met I haven't forgotten I wonder if you have or if your heart is full of regret I never thought the night we parted that life without you could be so bad I know it sounds funny but I can't forget you the only happiness I've ever had|Country
johnnycash|The Ways of a Woman in Love|You've cut out your dancin' and you never see a show Friends come by to pick you up and you hardly ever go It seems your head is in the clouds above You've got the ways of a woman in love  I walked by your house tonight and hoped that I might see The guy who's got you in the spin I wish that guy was me I don't know why it's you I'm dreamin' of You've got the ways of a woman in love  Many is the night I've stayed awake and cried Now you'll never know how much you hurt my foolish pride I recall your kisses the times I held you tight Now when I come to see you you're sittin' in the light Missin' all the things that we dreamed of You've got the ways of a woman in love  Many is the night I've stayed awake and cried... You've got the ways of a woman in love|Country
johnnycash|The Mystery of Life|Peterbilt drivers don't pick up low riders They don't slow for the curves in the road They hate to keep logs, they hate riders on hogs Watch out for a shift in your load  When I was young, I had Gene Autry guns But I never had a Lionel train Now I've got a truck, if I keep payments up And it weighs thirty tons in the rain  I wear Frisco jeans with riveted seams My money is chained to my belt I wear a Cat cap just like my pap He drove till it ruined his health  Now, Georgia Bill Smith wore thick glasses and boots He could see 'bout as far as he could walk He came up too fast on that bridge overpass Lord, the preacher sure gave a fine talk  When I was young, I had Gene Autry guns But I never had a Lionel train Now I've got a truck if I keep payments up And it weighs thirty tons in the rain  I've read a few lines from the poets And sometimes, I might cross the line I don't know the answer to the mystery of life But a woman sure helps pass the time  When I was young, I had Gene Autry guns But I never had a Lionel train Now I've got a truck if I keep payments up And it weighs thirty tons in the rain  When I was young, I had Gene Autry guns But I never had a Lionel train Now I've got a truck if I keep payments up And it weighs thirty tons in the rain|Country
hankwilliams|There's Nothing as Sweet as My Baby|I like candy, I like cake, I like jam but goodness sake There's nothin' as sweet as my baby  Golden hair and big blue eyes she could win a beauty prize There's nothin' as sweet as my baby  If I ever lose her I'll lay me down and die If sugar seems sweet then you ought to meet My honey coated sweetie pie  I like candy, I like cake, I like jam but goodness sake There's nothin' as sweet as my baby  I like candy, I like cake, I like jam but goodness sake There's nothin' as sweet as my baby  I feel like a honey bee, when she's buzzing round with me There's nothin' as sweet as my baby  Got pounds of candy kisses, but I can't spare an ounce She's sweeter than wine and brother she's mine And that's the only thing that counts  I like candy, I like cake, I like jam but goodness sakes  There's nothin' as sweet as my baby|Country
johnnycash|That's One You Owe Me|There was a showdown at high noon reputations on the line It was the good guys and the bad guys I was eight and he was nine And I forgot to keep my back to the wall in Dodge that day And from somewhere behind me I heard him say  "That's one you owe me I let you slide I can't back shoot a buddy it goes against my pride So like two desperados we'll ride off in the sun But just remember you owe me one"  It was high school and football on two different teams I was good but he was better than I would ever be And when I finally crossed the goal line ahead of him that day As the crowd was goin' wild I heard him say  "That's one you owe me I let you slide I can't back shoot a buddy it goes against my pride So like two desperados we'll ride off in the sun But just remember you owe me one"  She was long and lean and pretty and soon to be his bride When she strayed into my arms one day with lovin' on her mind Well I was almost tempted by her soft touch and her sigh But the next time I saw him I could look him in the eye  That's one you owe me I let you slide I can't back shoot a buddy it goes against my pride So like two desperados we'll ride off in the sun But just remember you owe me one  That's one you owe me I let you slide I can't back shoot a buddy it goes against my pride So like two desperados we'll ride off in the sun But just remember you owe me one|Country
hankwilliams|Take These Chains From My Heart|Take these chains from my heart and set me free You've grown cold and no longer care for me All my faith in you is gone but the heartaches linger on Take these chains from my heart and set me free  Take these tears from my eyes and let me see Just a spark of the love that used to be If you love somebody new let me find a new love too Take these chains from my heart and set me free  Give my heart just a word of sympathy Be as fair to my heart as you can be Then if you no longer care For the love that's beating there Take these chains from my heart and set me free  Take these chains from my heart and set me free You've grown cold and no longer care for me All my faith in you is gone but the heartaches linger on Take these chains from my heart and set me free|Country
johnnycash|Family Bible|Rock of Ages, Rock of Ages cleft for me.  There's a fam'ly bible on the table Each page is torn and hard to read But the fam'ly bible on the table Will ever be my key to memories.  At the end of day when work was over And when the evening meal was done Dad would read to us from the fam'ly bible And we'd count our many blessings one by one.  I can see us sittin' 'round the table When from the fam'ly bible dad would read I can hear my mother softly singing Rock of Ages, Rock of Ages cleft for me.  This old world of ours is full of troubles This old world would oh, so better be If we had more bibles on the table And mothers singing Rock of Ages cleft for me.  I can see us sittin' 'round the table When from the fam'ly bible dad would read I can hear my mother softly singing Rock of Ages, Rock of Ages cleft for me.  Rock of Ages, Rock of Ages cleft for me...|Country
johnnycash|The Big Light|Well, I had a little feeling to have a big night And woke up feeling small and not so brave and not quite right I had to face the who am I and where is she and what did I do But worst of all, I had to face the big light  The big light came through my window and it opened up my eyelids And it snapped them up like roller blinds and told me things that I did I can't face another day and night of good ideas and complications And I'm thankful that I didn't open another bottle of inspiration  When the hangover this morning had a personality And I cast my shattered mind over selected memories I didn't even touch the light switch, so I knew I'd never see The haggard face that would be staring back at me  The big light came through my window and it opened up my eyelids And it snapped them up like roller blinds and told me things that I did I can't face another day and night of good ideas and complications And I'm thankful that I didn't open another bottle of inspiration  Well, I had a little feeling to have a big time And I woke up to alarm bells like a big church chime I had to face the who am I and who is she and what did I do But worst of all, I had to face the big light  The big light came through my window and it opened up my eyelids And it snapped them up like roller blinds and told me things that I did I can't face another day and night of good ideas and complications And I'm thankful that I didn't open another bottle of inspiration  Well, it's fine to go out and have a big night But sooner or later, you're gonna face the big light|Country
johnnycash|Sixteen Tons|Some people say a man is made outta mud A poor man's made outta muscle and blood Muscle and blood and skin and bones A mind that's a-weak and a back that's strong  You load sixteen tons, what do you get Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store  I was born one mornin' when the sun didn't shine I picked up my shovel and I walked to the mine I loaded sixteen tons of number nine coal And the straw boss said "Well, a-bless my soul"  You load sixteen tons, what do you get Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store  I was born one mornin', it was drizzlin' rain Fightin' and trouble are my middle name I was raised in the canebrake by an ol' mama lion Cain't no-a high-toned woman make me walk the line  You load sixteen tons, what do you get Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store  If you see me comin', better step aside A lotta men didn't, a lotta men died One fist of iron, the other of steel If the right one don't a-get you Then the left one will  You load sixteen tons, what do you get Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store|Country
johnnycash|Peace in the Valley|Oh well, I'm tired and so weary But I must go alone Till the lord comes and calls, calls me away, oh yes Well the morning's so bright And the lamp is alight And the night, night is as black as the sea, oh yes  There will be peace in the valley for me, some day There will be peace in the valley for me, oh Lord I pray There'll be no sadness, no sorrow No trouble, trouble I see There will be peace in the valley for me, for me  Well the bear will be gentle And the wolves will be tame And the lion shall lay down by the lamb, oh yes And the beasts from the wild Shall be lit by a child And I'll be changed, changed from this creature that I am, oh yes  There will be peace in the valley for me, some day There will be peace in the valley for me, oh Lord I pray There'll be no sadness, no sorrow No trouble, trouble I see There will be peace in the valley for me, for me|Country
johnnycash|Belshazzar|Well the Bible tells about a man Who ruled Babylon and all it's land Around the city he built a wall And declared that Babylon would never fall  He had concubines and wives He called his Babylon "Paradise" Upon his throne he drank and ate But for Belshazzer it was getting late  For he was weighed in the balance and found wanting His kingdom was divided, couldn't stand He was weighed in the balance and found wanting His houses were built upon the sand  Well the people feast and drank their wine And praised the false gods of his time All holy things were scorned and mocked Suddenly all their mocking stopped  On the wall there appeared a hand Nothing else, there was no man In blood the hand began to write And Belshazzar couldn't hide his fright  For he was weighed in the balance and found wanting His kingdom was divided, couldn't stand He was weighed in the balance and found wanting His houses were built upon the sand  Well no one around could understand What was written by the mystic hand Belshazzar tried but couldn't find A man who could give him piece of mind  Daniel the prophet, a man of God He saw the writing on the wall in blood Belshazzar asked him what it said And Daniel turned to the wall and read  "My friend you're weighed in the balance and found wanting Your kingdom is divided, it can't stand You are weighed in the balance and found wanting Your houses are built upon the sand"|Country
johnnycash|Straight A's in Love|Well a readin' and a writin' and 'rithmetic never did get through to me It ain't because I'm square or thick cause I learned my ABC's But when I graduated from the grammar school and I moved one grade above I began to be a snook at books but I made straight A's in love  Now the teacher would say to learn your algebra but I'd bring name C's and D's How could I make an A when there's a swingin' maid On the left and on the right and in the back and the front of me Oh my grades are low on my card I know but they oughta give me one above If I made a mark for learnin' in the dark I'd have straight A's in love  Now in my senior year with graduation near I did my home work every night And when my mama said I oughta go to bed I'd turn out all the lights But my sweetic pie was waitin' right outside she'd be a cooin' like a dove Though I did my beat I made some mess o'test but I made straight A's in love  Now the teacher would say to learn your algebra but I'd bring name C's and D's How could I make an A when there's a swingin' maid On the left and on the right and in the back and the front of me Oh my grades are low on my card I know but they oughta give me one above If I made a mark for learnin' in the dark I'd have straight A's in love|Country
hankwilliams|Settin the Woods on Fire|You sing loud and I'll sing louder tonight we're settin' the woods on fire You're my gal and I'm your feller dress up in your frock of yeller I'll look swell but you'll look sweller settin' the woods on fire We'll take in all the honky tonks tonight we're havin' fun We'll show the folks a brand new dance that never has been done I don't care who thinks we're silly you'll be daffy and I'll be dilly We'll order up two bowls of chili settin' the woods on fire <i>[ steel - fiddle ]</i> I'll gas up my hot rod stoker we'll get hotter than a poker You'll be broke but I'll be broker tonight we're settin' the woods on fire We'll sit close to one another up one street and down the other We'll have us a time oh brother settin' the woods on fire We'll put aside a little time to fix a flat or two My tires and tubes are doin' fine but the air is showin' through You clap hands and I'll start bowin' we'll do all the laws allowin' Tomorrow I'll be right back plowin' settin' the woods on fire|Country
hankwilliams|Hey Good Lookin|Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me? Hey, sweet baby - don't you think maybe We can find us a brand new recipe?  I got a hot rod Ford, and a two dollar bill And I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancing's free So if you wanna have fun, come along with me  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?  I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about saving all your time for me? No more lookin' - I know I been tookin' Hows about keepin' steady company?  I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence And buy me one for five or ten cents I'll keep it till it's covered with age Cause I'm writin' your name down on every page  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?|Country
johnnycash|Wide Open Road|Well, you said you had enough You said that you were leavin' I said, "Shove off honey, baby, I ain't grievin' Pack your bags and pull out this evenin' There's a wide open road"  Early this mornin' you where nowhere about And so I searched the town but you had done pulled out I looked north, east and west and then a leadin' south I saw a wide open road  There's a wide open road It's leadin' south from my abode If you stick around and turn your damper down There's a wide open road  Well, the reason I was lookin' for you all over town Was to tell you that your kitty cat was still around And you left your weddin' ring when you went down That wide open road  If you gonna stay away then honey let me know How to cook hot biscuits, how to roll a dough Every thing's gone crazy since I told you to go Down the wide open road  There's a wide open road And honey, I want you to know You can look down south or you can turn back home And there's a wide open road|Country
johnnycash|Don't Make Me Go|You take my hand and smile at me but I can tell you'd rather be Alone or with somebody else you know And when your eyes look into mine that old time love light doesn't shine But let me try again don't make me go  I want you don't make me go my heart would break I'd miss you so Treadin' love for sympathy is old to me What's this lovesick heart to do when it cries for only you Hold me close I love you so don't make me go  I'm sorry that I never knew the way to show my love for you I took too much for granted all the time Two hearts in love must give and take when one heart fails the other breaks Don't make me go I wanna show this love of mine  I want you don't make me go...|Country
hankwilliams|Moanin' the Blues|When my baby moved out and the blues moved in There wasn't nothin' I could do But mosey around with my head in my hands Lord what am I comin' to I just keep Moanin' Moa-oanin' the blues.  I wrote a nice, long letter Sayin' mama please come home Your dad-ad-dy is lon-one-some And all I do is moan ... I been lovin' that gal for so doggone long I can't afford to lose her now I thought I was right but I must of been wrong 'Cause my head is startin' to bow And now I'm Moanin' Moa-oanin' The Blues.  If you want a good gal to stay around You gotta treat her nice and kind If you do her wrong she'll leave this tonw And you'll almost lose your mind Then you'll moanin'; Moa-oanin' The Blues.  Aw! baby, baby, baby Honey baby, please come home Your dad-ad-dy is lon-one-some and all I do is moan I promise you baby that I'll be good And I'll never be bad no more I'm sittin' here waitin' for you right now To walk through that front door Then I'll stop moanin'; Moa-oanin' The Blues.|Country
hankwilliams|Crazy Heart|You thought she'd care for you and so you acted smart Go on an break, you Crazy Heart You lived on promises I knew would fall apart Go on and break you Crazy Heart.  You never would admit you were mis-tak-en You didn't even know, the chances you were takin' I knew you couldn't win, I told you from the start Go on and break you Crazy Heart.  I knew you'd wake up and find her missin' I tried my best to warn you, but you wouldn't listen You told me I was wrong, you thought that you were smart Go on an break you Crazy Heart.|Country
hankwilliams|I Won't Be Home No More|Well, you're just in time to be too late I tried to but I couldn't wait And now I've got another date So I won't be home no more You're just in time to miss the boat So don't take off your hat and coat Be on your way, that's all she wrote 'Cause I won't be home no more.  I stood around a month or two And waited for your call Now I'm too busy pitchin' woo So come around next fall I scratched your name right off my slate And hung a sign on my front gate You're just in time to be too late And I won't be home no more.  Well, you're just in time to turn around And drive your buggy back to town You looked me up I turned you down And I won't be home no more You're just in time to change your tune Go tell your troubles to the moon And call around next May or June 'Cause I won't be home no more.  I used to be the patient kind Believed each alibi But that's all done, I've changed my mind I've got new fish to fry Well, you're just in time to celebrate  The things you didn't calculate You're just in time to be too late And I won't be home no more.|Country
johnnycash|Leave That Junk Alone|Well you come home ah' feeling For the knob on the door You better pick up your feet You're gonna' fall on the floor I keep on ah' telling you I'll tell you some more You better leave that Junk alone And drink water Lord that liquor's hot Drink water You don't wanna' be a sot You better lay down the bottle And put on the top And drink cool H20  Well your eyes are baggy And ah' bloodshot red It's been a week or two Since you've been in bed You better pay attention Now to what I said You better leave that Junk alone And drink water Lord that liquor's hot Drink water You don't wanna' be a sot You better lay down the bottle And put on the top And drink cool H20  Well now I'll forgive you For your running 'round If you just promise that You've come unwound I'll buy you anything You want in town If you'll leave that Junk alone And drink water Lord that liquor's hot Drink water You don't wanna' be a sot You better lay down the bottle And put on the top And drink Cool H2O|Country
hankwilliams|Honky Tonk Blues|Well I left my home down on the rural route I told my paw I'm going steppin out and get the Honky tonk blues,  Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got 'em,  I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  Well I went to a dance and I wore out my shoes Woke up this mornin wishin I could lose Them jumpin honky tonk blues,  Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got 'em,  I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  Well I stopped into every place in town This city life has really got me down I got the honky tonk blues,  Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got em,  got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  I'm gonna tuck my worries underneath my arm And scat right back to my pappy's farm And leave these honky tonk blues,  Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got 'em,  I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.|Country
johnnycash|Next in Line|The next in line will be someone who loves you The next in line is me, 'cause it's my time Now how long will it be, till you end my misery You better be prepared to linger, when you get to me The time has come for you to love me, if you ever are Come to me now, so I can make you mine I watched them rush to you so fast I waited so I'd be the last It's my time, 'cause I'm the next in line  The next in line will want your love forever The next in line is me and here I am Give me a day or two and I'll get through to you You'd been my baby long ago, if you'd turned down a few This old heart can't take much more waitin' for your love I'm tired and we're runnin' short of time I'll make you love me more than everyone before It's my time to try, 'cause I'm the next in line  I stood and watched you take their hearts And break 'em one by one My time is comin', so I waited while you had your fun Now I'm through a-waitin' way behind It's my time, 'cause I'm the next in line|Country
hankwilliams|Lovesick Blues|I got a feelin' called the blues, oh Lord Since my baby said goodbye Lord I don't know what I'll do All I do is sit and sigh, oh Lord  That last long day she said goodbye Well lord I thought I would cry She'll do me, she'll do you She's got that kind of lovin'  Lord I love to hear her when she calls me sweet da-a-addy Such a beautiful dream I hate to think it's all over I've lost my heart it seems  I've grown so used to you somehow Well I'm nobody's sugar daddy now And I'm lo-o-onesome I got the lovesick blues  Well I'm in love I'm in love with a beautiful gal That's what's the matter with me Well I'm in love I'm in love with a beautiful gal But she don't care about me  Lord I tried and tried, to keep her satisfied But she just wouldn't stay So now that she is leavin' This is all I can say  I got a feelin' called the blues, oh Lord Since my baby said goodbye Lord I don't know what I'll do All I do is sit and sigh, oh Lord  That last long day she said goodbye Well Lord I thought I would cry She'll do me, she'll do you She's got that kind of lovin'  Lord I love to hear her when she calls me sweet da-a-addy Such a beautiful dream I hate to think it all over I've lost my heart it seems  I've grown so used to you somehow Lord I'm nobody's sugar daddy now And I'm lo-o-onesome I got the lovesick blues|Country
johnnycash|Give My Love To Rose|I found him by the railroad track this morning I could see that he was nearly dead I knelt down beside him and I listened Just to hear the words the dying fellow said  He said they let me out of prison out in Frisco For ten long years I've paid for what I've done I was trying to get back to Louisiana To see my Rose and get to know my son  Give my love to Rose please won't you mister? Take her all my money, tell her buy some pretty clothes Tell my boy that daddy's so proud of him And don't forget to give my love to Rose  Won't you tell them I said thanks for waiting for me Tell my boy to help his mom at home Tell my Rose to try to find another 'Cause it ain't right that she should live alone  Mister here's a bag with all my money It won't last them long the way it goes God bless you for finding me this morning Now don't forget to give my love to Rose  Give my love to Rose please won't you mister? Take her all my money, tell her buy some pretty clothes Tell my boy that daddy's so proud of him And don't forget to give my love to Rose|Country
hankwilliams|Honky Tonkin'|When you are sad and lonely and have no place to go Call me up, sweet baby, and bring along some dough And we'll go Honky Tonkin', Honky Tonkin' Honky Tonkin', Honey Baby We'll go Honky Tonkin' 'round this town.  When you and your baby have a fallin' out Just call me up sweet mama and we'll go steppin' out And we'll go Honky Tonkin', Honky Tonkin' Honky Tonkin', Honey Baby We'll go Honky Tonkin' 'round this town. We're goin' to the city - to the city fair  If you go to the city then you will find me there And we'll go Honky Tonkin', Honky Tonkin' Honky Tonkin', Honey Baby We'll go Honky Tonkin' 'round this town.  <i>[Repeat first verse]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Cold, Cold Heart|I tried so hard my dear to show that you're my every dream Yet you're afraid each thing I do is just some evil scheme Now a memory from your lonesome past keeps us so far apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart  Another love before my time made your heart sad and blue And so my heart is paying now for things I didn't do In anger unkind words are said they make the teardrops start Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart  Yeah, there was a time when I believed that you belonged to me But now I know your heart is shackled to a memory  The more I learn to care for you the more we drift apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart|Country
johnnycash|Hey Good Lookin'|Hey hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me Hey hey sweet baby don't you think maybe we could find us a brand new recepie I got a hot rod Ford and a two dollar bill and I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancin's free if you wanna have fun come along with me Hey hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me  I'm free and ready so we can go steady how's about savin' all your time for me No more lookin' I know I've been tooken how's about keepin' steady company I'm gonna throw my datebook over the fence find me one for five or ten cents Keep it till it's covered with age cause I'm writin' your name down on every page Say hey good lookin' whatcha got cookin' how's about cookin' somethin' up with me|Country
hankwilliams|My Bucket's Got a Hole in It|Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.    Well I'm standin' on a  corner - With a bucket in my hand I'm waitin' for a woman - That ain't got no man.   'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.    Well, I went upon the mountain - I looked down in the sea I seen the crabs and the fishes - Doin' the be-bop-bee.   'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.    Well, there ain't no use - of me workin' so hard When I got a woman - in the boss man's yard.   'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.    Well, me and my baby - we just bought a Ford And now we sit together - on the running board.  'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.|Country
hankwilliams|Move It on Over|Came in last night at half past ten That baby of mine wouldn't let me in So move it on over (move it on over) Move it on over (move it on over) Move over, little dog, 'cause the big dog's moving in  She's changed the lock on our front door My door key don't fit no more So get it on over (move it on over) Scoot it on over (move it on over) Move over, skinny dog, 'cause the fat dog's moving in  This dog house here is mighty small But it's better than no house at all So ease it on over (move it on over) Drag it on over (move it on over) Move over, old dog, 'cause a new dog's moving in  She told me not to play around But I done let the deal go down So pack it on over (move it on over) Tote it on over (move it on over) Move over, nice dog, 'cause a mad dog's moving in  She warned me once, she warned me twice But I don't take no one's advice So scratch it on over (move it on over) Shake it on over (move it on over) Move over, short dog, 'cause a tall dog's moving in  She'll crawl back to me on her knees I'll be busy scratching fleas So slide it on over (move it on over) Sneak it on over (move it on over) Move over, good dog, 'cause a mad dog's moving in  Remember pup, before you whine That side's yours and this side's mine So shove it on over (move it on over) Sweep it on over (move it on over) Move over, cold dog, 'cause a hot dog's moving in|Country
hankwilliams|I Just Don't Like This Kind of Livin'|I Just Don't Like This Kind Of Livin' I'm tired of doin' all the givin' I give my all and sit and yearn And get no lovin' in return And I Just Don't Like This Kind Of Livin'.  Why do we stay together We always fuss and fight You ain't never known to be wrong And I ain't never been right;  Tell me where you think we're goin' 'Cause I ain't got no way of knowin' When things go wrong, you go your way You leave me here, to pay and pay And I Just Don't Like This Kind Of Livin'.  I just don't like the things you're doin' Your evil heart will be your ruin When things start runnin' smooth and free You haul right off and you pick on me And I just don't like this way of livin'.  They say the road of love is long It's rocky and it's rough But if this road don't start to get smooth I've traveled it long enough;  Why don't you act a little older And get that chip off of your shoulder I've told you once, now I'll tell you twice You better start to treat me nice 'Cause I just don't like this way of livin'.|Country
hankwilliams|They'll Never Take Her Love From Me|If today the sun should set on all my hopes and cares There is one smiling face the gods would see 'Cus she'll walk along beside me up the golden stairs No, they'll never never take her love from me.  What a fool I was to go and break the trust she gave And see her love turn into sympathy It's the one regret I'll carry with me to my grave Oh, they'll never ever take her love from me.  <i>[Bridge chords for solos]</i>  I'm so thankful for each golden hour of happiness That we shared together in the used to be Someone else's arms may hold her now in fond caress But they'll never never take her love from me.  I thought I'd make her happy if I stepped aside But I knew her love would never set me free And even on the morning she became another's bride I said they'll never never take her love from me.|Country
hankwilliams|Long Gone Lonesome Blues|I went down to the river to watch the fish swim by But I got to the river so lonesome I wanted to die, oh Lord And then I jumped in the river, but the doggone river was dry She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue  I had me a woman who couldn't be true She made me for my money and she made me blue A man needs a woman that he can lean on But my leanin' post is done left and gone She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue  I'm gonna find me a river, one that's cold as ice And when I find me that river, Lord I'm gonna pay the price, oh Lord I'm goin' down in it three times, but Lord I'm only comin' up twice She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue  She told me on Sunday she was checkin' me out Long about Monday she was nowhere about And here it is Tuesday, ain't had no news I got them gone but not forgotten blues She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue|Country
johnnycash|Goodnight Irene|Last Saturday night I got married me and my wife settled down Now me and my wife are parted gonna take another stroll downtown  Irene goodnight Irene goodnight Goodnight Irene Goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams  Sometimes I live in the country sometimes I live in town Sometimes I take a fool notion to jump in the river and drown  Irene goodnight Irene goodnight Goodnight Irene Goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams  Stop your ramblin' stop your gamblin' stop stayin' out late at night Go home to your wife and family stay there by the fireside bright  Irene goodnight Irene goodnight Goodnight Irene Goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams|Country
hankwilliams|Why Don't You Love Me|Well, Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do How come you treat me like a worn out shoe My hair's still curly and my eyes are still blue Why Don't You Love Me Like You Used To Do.  Ain't had no lovin' like a huggin' and a kissin' in a long, long while We don't get nearer or further or closer than a country mile;  Why don't you spark me like you used to do And say sweet nothin's like you used to coo I'm the same old trouble that you've always been through So, Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do.  Well, why don't you be just like you used to be How come you find so many faults with me Somebody's changed so let me give you a clue Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do.  Ain't had no lovin' like a huggin' and a kissin' in a long, long while We don't get nearer or further  than a country mile;  Why don't you say the things you used to say What makes you treat me like a piece of clay My hair's still curly and my eyes are still blue Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do.|Country
johnnycash|Goodbye Little Darlin', Goodbye|Goodbye, little darlin', we're parting  Parting don't always mean goodbye  Although we had to part, you're always in my heart  Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye   Goodbye, little darlin', I'll miss you  Miss you like the stars would miss the sky  I hate to see you go, I'm gonna miss you so Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye   Goodbye, little darlin', I love you Love you until the day I die  Would you dream a dream of me, wherever you may be  Goodbye, little darlin', goodbye|Country
hankwilliams|Dear John|Well when I woke up this mornin', There was a note upon my door, Said don't make me no coffee Babe, 'cause I won't be back no more, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.  Now Jonah got along in the belly of the whale, Daniel in the lion's den, But I know a guy that didn't try to get along, And he won't get a chance again, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've fetched your saddle home.  Well she didn't forward no address, Nor she didn't say goodbye, All she said was if you get blue, Just hang your little head and cry, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.  Now my gal's short and stubby, She's strong as she can be, But if that little old gal of mine, Ever get's a-hold of me, That's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.  Now Jonah got along in the belly of the whale, Daniel in the lion's den, But I know a man that didn't try to get along, And he won't get a chance again, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've fetched your saddle home.  Now I went down to the bank this morning, The cashier said with a grin, I feel so sorry for you Hank, But your wife has done been in, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.|Country
johnnycash|I Love You Because|I love you because you understand dear Every little thing I try to do You're always there to lend a helping hand dear But most of all I love you cause you're you  No matter what may be the style or season I know your love will always see me through I love you for a hundred- thousand reasons But most of all I love you cause you're you  I love you because my heart is lighter Every time I'm walking by your side I love you because the future's brighter The glow to happiness you've opened wide  No matter what the world may say about me I know your heart will always be true I love you for the way you never doubt me But most of all I love you cause you're you|Country
johnnycash|Born to Lose|Born to lose, I've lived my life in vain Ev'ry dream has only brought me pain All my life I've always been so blue Born to lose, and now I'm losing you  Born to lose, it seems so hard to bear how I long to always have you near You've grown tired, and now you say we're through Born to lose, and now I'm losing you  Born to lose, my every hope is gone It's so hard to face that empty dawn You were all the happiness I knew Born to lose and now I'm losing you  There is no use to dream of happiness All I see is only loneliness All my life, I've always been so blue Born to lose, and now I'm losing you|Country
hankwilliams|Nobody's Lonesome for Me|Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's thinkin' 'bout somebody else But nobody thinks about me When the time rolls around for me to lay down and die I bet I'll have to go and hire me someone to cry Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else nobody is lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's longin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's dreamin' about somebody else But nobody dreams about me All I need is a bride who want's a big-hearted groom I wouldn't care if she come ridin' in on a broom Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's pinin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's crazy 'bout somebody else But nobody's crazy 'bout me Oh, I shined up my shoes and then I slicked down my hair Put on my Sunday suit, but I ain't goin' nowhere Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's yearnin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's fallin' for somebody else But nobody's fallin' for me Now I ain't had a kiss since I fell out of my crib It looks to me like I been cheated out of my rib Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.|Country
hankwilliams|Let the Spirit Descend|Let the Spirit descend, like a beautiful dove As it did on Jesus that day He was baptized by John, in the river of Jordan And God's voice, like thunder said, "This is my Son"  When John came preachin', preparin' the way For Jesus the Heavenly King If you'll only trust and believe in His Word You'll stand in God's kingdom and not be ashamed  Let the Spirit descend, like a beautiful dove As it did on Jesus that day He was baptized by John, in the river of Jordan And God's voice, like thunder said, "This is my Son"|Country
hankwilliams|Baby, We're Really in Love|If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love If you're happy with me like i'm happy with you Old cupid just gave us a shove  If you're thinkin' of me like i'm thinkin' of you Then i know what you're thinkin' of If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.  I run around in circles And turn in fire alarms I'm nutty as a fruitcake When you're not in my arms If you're meant for me like i'm meant for you Baby, we fit like a glove If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.  If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love. If you're countin' on me like i'm countin' on you Old cupid just gave us a shove If you're dreamin' of me like i'm dreamin' of you Then i know what you're dreamin' of If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.  My folks think i've gone crazy And i don't feel too sure And yet there's nothin' wrong with me That weddin' bells won't cure If you go for me like i go for you Baby, we fit like a glove If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.|Country
hankwilliams|The Old Country Church|There's a place near to me, where I'm longing to be With my friends at the old country church There with mother we went and our Sundays we spent With our friends at the old country church  Precious years of memories Oh, what joy they bring to me How I long once more to be With my friends at the old country church  How I wish that today all the people would pray Like we prayed in that old country church If they'd only confess, Jesus surely would bless As He did in that old country church  Precious years of memories Oh, what joy they bring to me How I long once more to be With my friends at the old country church|Country
johnnycash|New Mexico|It was in the town of Griffin, the year was eighty three It was there an old cow puncher, stepped up and said to me How do you do young fellow and how would you like to go And spend a pleasant summer, out in New Mexico  I'll furnish you good wages, your transportation too If you will but go with me, one summer season through But if you should get homesick and back to Griffin go Then I'll furnish you no horses from the hills of Mexico  We left the town of Griffin in the merry month of May When all the world was lovely and everything was gay With saddles on our horses, marching over we did go Until we reached the logging out in New Mexico  It was there our pleasures ended and our troubles they began The first hail storm fell on us, those cattle how they ran Through all the thorns and thistles, us cowboys had to go While the Indians watched upon us, out in New Mexico  Well, when the drive was over, the riders would not pay To all you happy people, this much I have to say Go back to your friends and loved ones, tell others not to go To the God forsaken country, they call New Mexico|Country
hankwilliams|I'm a Long Gone Daddy|All you want to do is sit around and pout And now I got enough and so I'm getting out  I'm leaving now I'm leaving now I'm a long gone daddy I don't need you anyhow  I been in the doghouse so doggone long That when I get a kiss I think that something's wrong  <i>[chorus]</i>  I'll go find a gal that wants to treat me right You go get yourself a man that wants to fight  <i>[chorus]</i>  You start your jaws a-wagging and it never stop You never shut your mouth until I blow my top  <i>[chorus]</i>  I remember back when you were nice and sweet Things have changed, you'd rather fight than eat  <i>[chorus]</i>  I'm a-gonna do some riding on the midnight train I'm taking everything except my ball and chain  <i>[chorus]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|I Cried Again|Teardrops fell the night you said I love you dear but you are wed I watched you as you held his hand then I turned away and cried again  <i>[CHORUS]</i> I cried again when I reached home There sat your picture all alone I thought of things that might have been I bowed my head and cried again  I took your letters from the shelf Then read aloud just to myself But just before I reached the end I bowed my head and cried again  <i>[CHORUS]</i>  And here's the reason why I say Dear, I must throw your things away For they would only bring me pain And I'd bow my head and cry again  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Fools Hall of Fame|Well if I live to be a hundred, I won't forget the day  I broke the heart you gave me and let you walk away  That's when they hung my name in the fool's hall of fame  Ah baby since we've been apart, I can't console my heart  It cries and cries all night long  Can't I ever make you see this change you've made in me  Just give me a chance to tell you I was wrong  Yes they say that you'll forgive me and end this misery  You know I'll keep on a beggin till you come back to me  Don't leave me here in chains in the fool's hall of fame  Ah baby since we've been apart I can't console my heart  It cries and cries all night long  Baby can't you ever see the change you've made in me  Just give me a chance to tell you I was wrong  Yes they say that you'll forgive me and end this misery  You know I'll keep on beggin till you come back to me  Don't leave me here in chains in the fool's hall of fame  Don't leave me here in chains in the fool's hall of fame...|Country
hankwilliams|Wild Side of Life|Well, you wouldn't read my letters if I wrote you You asked me not to call you on the phone There's something I've been waiting for to tell you So I wrote it in the words of this song  You never knew there were honky tonk angels Or you might have known I'd never make a wife You walked out on the only one who ever loved you So I went back to the wild side of life  Now the glamor of the good life always lead me To the places where the wild liquor flows I tried to be your one and only angel But I'm not that kind of angel, heaven knows  I cried so hard the day you went and left me 'Cause some things you said, they cut me like a knife What you wanted was another kind of angel And you should be back to the wild side of life  No, well, I guess I'm just a honky tonk angel I might have known I'd never make a wife Well, you left the only one who ever loved you And I'm back here on the wild side of life  I'm only a honky tonk angel I might have known I'd never make a wife You walked out on the only one who ever loved you And you left me here on the wild side of life|Country
hankwilliams|Something Got a Hold of Me|At first when I heard of some people who claim That the old-time religion was real I said "I'll go down, take a look at the crowd For just that weak-minded I feel."  I walked up the steps and I peeked in the door But the Devil said, "Don't you go in!" But I said, "It won't hurt me I'll just step inside And I'll set as far back as I can."   <i>[CHORUS]</i> Something Got A Hold Of Me (Praise God) Yes Something Got A Hold Of Me (Oh! Lord) I went there to fight, but I'll tell you that night God certainly got a hold of me.  They sang like they meant it, they all clapped their hands I said, "It's commotion, that's all."  "When they get down to pray, I'll just get up and leave For I don't want be seen here at all."  But I bowed that time, he got started to preach And he looked straight down at me He told ev'rybody how mean that I was He didn't talk like he thought much of me.  I sat in my seat just thinkin' it o'er And then they all started to pray The fire fell from Heaven, I fell to the floor I prayed there and God had His way. (For-)  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
johnnycash|Oh Lonesome Me|Everybody's going out and having fun I'm just a fool for staying home and having none I can't get over how she set set me free oh lonesome me  A bad mistake I'm making by just hanging round I know that I should have some fun and paint the town I thought of everything from A to Z oh lonesome me  I'll bet she's not like me she's out and fancy free Flirtin' with the boys with all her charms But I still love her so and brother don't you know I'd welcome her right back here in my arms  Well there must be some way I can lose these lonesome blues Forget about the past and find somebody new I thought of everything from A to Z oh lonesome me oh lonesome me  Well I'll bet she's not like me... Oh lonesome me|Country
hankwilliams|When God Dips His Love in My Heart|When God dips His pen of love in my heart And writes my soul the message He wants me to know His spirit all divine fills this sinful soul of mine When God dips His love in my heart  I said I wouldn't tell it to a living soul How He brought salvation when He made me whole But I found I couldn't hide Such love as Jesus did impart  It makes me laugh and it makes me cry Sets my sinful soul on fire When God dips His love in my heart  He walked every step up Calvary's ragged way And He gave His life completely to bring a better day My life was lost in sinned but in love He took me in His blood washed all my sins away  I said I wouldn't tell it to a living soul How He brought salvation when He made me whole But I found I couldn't hide Such love as Jesus did impart  It makes me laugh and it makes me cry Sets my sinful soul on fire When God dips His love in my heart|Country
hankwilliams|Dear Brother|Dear Brother, Mama left us this morning Death's angels took her away She's gone to meet Daddy up there in heaven But we'll meet again some day.   She left this world with a smile on her face Whisp'ring the Saviour's name Dear Brother, Mama left us this morning For the city where is no pain.  As I stood by her bedside, those last few moments I lived my childhood again I thought of you Brother and of the old homestead And my tears they fell like rain.|Country
johnnycash|A Thing Called Love|Six foot six he stood on the ground He weighed two hundred and thirty-five pounds But I saw that giant of a man brought down To his knees by love  He was the kind of man that would gamble on luck Look you in the eye and never back up But I saw him crying like a little whipped pup Because of love  You can't see it with your eyes, hold it in your hands But like the wind it covers our land Strong enough to rule the heart of any man This thing called love It can lift you up never let you down Take your world and turn it around Ever since time nothing's ever been found That's stronger than love  Most men are like me, they struggle and doubt They trouble their minds day in and day out Too busy with livin' to worry about A little word like love  But when I see a mother's tenderness As she holds her young close to her breast Then I thank god that the world's been blessed With a thing called love  You can't see it with your eyes, hold it in your hands But like the wind it covers our land Strong enough to rule the heart of any man This thing called love It can lift you up never let you down Take your world and turn it around Ever since time nothing's ever been found That's stronger than love Ever since time nothing's ever been found That's stronger than love|Country
hankwilliams|Low Down Blues|LORD I WENT TO THE DOCTOR, HE TOOK ONE LOOK, HE SAID THE TROUBLE WITH YOU AIN'T IN MY BOOK, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT IT IS BUT IT AIN'T GOOD NEWS, YOU'VE GOT AN AWFUL BAD CASE OF THEM LOW DOWN BLUES.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> I'VE GOT THE MEAN OLD MISERIES IN MY SOUL, I WENT TO THE RIVER, BUT THE WATER'S TOO COLD, I'VE WALKED THE FLOOR 'TILL I'VE WORE OUT MY SHOES, LORD THEY'RE KILLIN' ME, I MEAN THEM LOW DOWN BLUES.  LORD I NEVER KNEW A MAN COULD FEEL SO BAD, I NEVER KNEW LIVIN' COULD BE SO SAD, ALL I DO IS SET AND CRY, LORD I'D HAVE TO GET BETTER, BEFORE I COULD DIE.  <i>[REPEAT CHORUS]</i>|Country
johnnycash|San Quentin|San Quentin, you've been livin' hell to me You've blistered me since nineteen sixty three I've seen 'em come and go and I've seen them die And long ago I stopped askin' why  San Quentin, I hate every inch of you. You've cut me and you scarred me through and through. And I'll walk out a wiser weaker man; Mister Congressman you can't understand.  San Quentin, what good do you think you do? Do you think I'll be different when you're through? You bend my heart and mind and you warp my soul, And your stone walls turn my blood a little cold.  San Quentin, may you rot and burn in hell. May your walls fall and may I live to tell. May all the world forget you ever stood. And may all the world regret you did no good.  San Quentin, I hate every inch of you.|Country
hankwilliams|Your Cheatin' Heart|Your cheatin' heart Will make you weep You'll cry and cry And try to sleep But sleep won't come The whole night through Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...  When tears come down Like falling rain You'll toss around And call my name You'll walk the floor The way I do Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...  Your cheatin' heart Will pine some day And crave the love You threw away The time will come When you'll be blue Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...  When tears come down Like falling rain You'll toss around And call my name You'll walk the floor The way I do Your cheatin' heart will tell on you...|Country
hankwilliams|You Win Again|The news is out - all over town That you've been seen - a-runnin' 'round I know that I - should leave, but then I just can't go - you win again.  This heart of mine - could never see What ev'rybod - y knew but me Just trusting you - was my great sin What can I do - you win again.  I'm sorry for - your victim now 'Cause soon his head - like mine will bow He'll give his heart - but all in vain And someday say - you win again.  You have no heart - you have no shame You take true love - and give the blame I guess that I - should not complain I love you still - you win again.|Country
hankwilliams|There's a Tear in My Beer|There's a tear in my beer  'cause I'm cryin' for you, dear  you are on my lonely mind.  Into these last nine beers  I have shed a million tears.  You are on my lonely mind I'm gonna keep drinkin' until I'm petrified. And then maybe these tears  will leave my eyes. There's a tear in my beer  cause I'm crying' for you dear You are on my lonely mind.  Last night I walked the floor and the night before You are on my lonely mind. It seems my life is through and I'm so doggone blue You are on my lonely mind. I'm gonna keep drinkin' till I can't move a toe and then maybe my heart won't hurt me so. There's a tear in my beer cause I'm cryin' for you dear You are on my lonely mind.  Lord, I've tried and I've tried But my tears I can't hide You are on my lonely mind. All these blues that I've found Have really got me down You are on my lonely mind I'm gonna keep drinkin' till I can't even think Cause in the last week I ain't slept a wink There's a tear in my beer cause I'm crying for you dear You are on my lonely mind.|Country
hankwilliams|A Teardrop on a Rose|While strolling thru a lovely garden As day was drawing to a close... My eyes beheld a tragic story I saw a teardrop on a rose. It should have been a tear of gladness But deep inside the sorrow shows A trusting heart had just been broken I saw a teardrop on a rose. A sobbing tear that follows parting Holds all the pain that sorrow knows A false goodbye a life is shattered There lies a story on a rose. The tear will dry the rose will wither  I loved, I lost, my story ended With just a teardrop on a rose.|Country
hankwilliams|Cold Cold Heart|I tried so hard,my dear,to show that you're my every dream Yet you're afraid each thing I do is just some evil scheme A memory from your lonesome past keeps us so far apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  Another love before my time made your heart sad and blue And so my heart is paying now for things I didn't do In anger, unkind words are said that make the teardrops start Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  You'll never know how much it hurts to see you sit and cry You know you need and want my love, yet you're afraid to try Why do you run and hide from life, to try it just ain't smart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  There was a time when I believed that you belonged to me But now I know your heart is shackled to a memory The more I learn to care for you, the more we drift apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?|Country
hankwilliams|I Could Never Be Ashamed of You|Everybody says you let me down That I should be ashamed to take you 'round Makes no difference what you used to do; Darling, I could never be ashamed of you.  Maybe you were reckless yesterday but together, we can find a brighter way. In my heart, I know that you'll come through Darling, I could never be ashamed of you  All the happiness I've ever known came the day you said you'd be my own and it matters not what we go through Darlin I could never be ashamed of you  Maybe you've been cheated in the past, and perhaps those memories will always last even though you proved to be untrue darlin I could never be ashamed of you.|Country
hankwilliams|The Log Train|If you will listen A song I will sing About my daddy Who ran a log train  Way down in the southland In old Alabam' We lived in a place That they called Chapman Town  And late in the evening When the sun was low Way off in the distance You could hear the train blow  The folks would come runnin' and mama would sing Get the supper on the table Here comes the log train  Every morning At the break day He'd grab his lunch bucket And be on his way  Winter or summer Sunshine or rain Every morning he'd run That old log train  A sweatin' and swearin' All day long Shoutin' get up the oxens Keep movin' along  Load'er up boys 'cause it looks like rain I've got to get rollin' This old log train  This story happened A long time ago The log train is silent God called dad to go  But when I get to heaven To always remain I'll listen for whistle On the old log train|Country
hankwilliams|Settin' the Woods on Fire|You sing loud and I'll sing louder tonight we're settin' the woods on fire You're my gal and I'm your feller dress up in your frock of yeller I'll look swell but you'll look sweller settin' the woods on fire We'll take in all the honky tonks tonight we're havin' fun We'll show the folks a brand new dance that never has been done I don't care who thinks we're silly you'll be daffy and I'll be dilly We'll order up two bowls of chili settin' the woods on fire <i>[ steel - fiddle ]</i> I'll gas up my hot rod stoker we'll get hotter than a poker You'll be broke but I'll be broker tonight we're settin' the woods on fire We'll sit close to one another up one street and down the other We'll have us a time oh brother settin' the woods on fire We'll put aside a little time to fix a flat or two My tires and tubes are doin' fine but the air is showin' through You clap hands and I'll start bowin' we'll do all the laws allowin' Tomorrow I'll be right back plowin' settin' the woods on fire|Country
hankwilliams|Hey Good Lookin'|Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me? Hey, sweet baby - don't you think maybe We can find us a brand new recipe?  I got a hot rod Ford, and a two dollar bill And I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancing's free So if you wanna have fun, come along with me  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?  I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about saving all your time for me? No more lookin' - I know I been tookin' Hows about keepin' steady company?  I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence And buy me one for five or ten cents I'll keep it till it's covered with age Cause I'm writin' your name down on every page  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?|Country
hankwilliams|Kaw-Liga|KAW-LIGA, was a wooden Indian standing by the door He fell in love with an Indian maid over in the antique store KAW-LIGA - A, just stood there and never let it show So she could never answer "YES" or "NO".  He always wore his Sunday feathers and held a tomahawk The maiden wore her beads and braids and hoped someday he'd talk KAW-LIGA - A, too stubborn to ever show a sign Because his heart was made of knotty pine.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Poor ol' KAW-LIGA, he never got a kiss Poor ol' KAW-LIGA, he don't know what he missed Is it any wonder that his face is red KAW-LIGA, that poor ol' wooden head.  KAW-LIGA, was a lonely Indian never went nowhere His heart was set on the Indian maiden with the coal black hair KAW-LIGA - A, just stood there and never let it show So she could never answer "YES" or "NO".  Then one day a wealthy customer bought the Indian maid And took her, oh, so far away, but ol' KAW-LIGA stayed KAW-LIGA - A, just stands there as lonely as can be And wishes he was still an old pine tree.  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Half as Much|If you love me half as much as I love you You wouldn't worry me half as much as you do You're nice to me when there's no one else around You only build me up to let me down  If you missed me half as much as I miss you You wouldn't stay away half as much as you do I know that I would never be this blue If you only loved me half as much as I love you  If you love me half as much as I love you You wouldn't worry me half as much as you do You're nice to me when there's no one else around You only build me up to let me down  If you missed me half as much as I miss you You wouldn't stay away half as much as you do I know that I would never be this blue If you only loved me half as much as I love you|Country
hankwilliams|Alone and Forsaken|We met in the springtime when blossoms unfold The pastures were green and the meadows were gold Our love was in flower as summer grew on Her love like the leaves now has withered and gone.  The roses have faded, there's frost at my door The birds in the morning don't sing anymore The grass in the valley is starting to die And out in the darkness the whippoorwills cry.  Alone and forsaken by fate and by man  Oh, lord, if you hear me please hold to my hand Oh, please understand.  Oh, where has she gone to, oh, where can she be She may have forsaken some other like me She promised to honor, to love and obey Each vow was a plaything that she threw away.  The darkness is falling, the sky has turned gray A hound in the distance is starting to "bay" I wonder, I wonder - what she's thinking of Forsaken, forgotten - without any love.  Alone and forsaken by fate and by man|Country
hankwilliams|Fool About You|Like a hog a rootin' up under a fence Like a flop-eared mule that ain't got no sense I've been a fool about you, for way too long I've been a fool about you, but now I'm gonna get gone  We fight and we fuss like a dog and a cat I'll tell you right now I've had enough of that I've been a fool about you, for way too long I've been a fool about you, but I'm gonna get gone  Well, I said I would leave if you didn't change Baby, it's time for me to rearrange I've been a fool about you, for way too long I've been a fool about you, but now I'm gonna get gone  I'm gettin' sick and tired of the same ole bull I'll tell you right now, Lord my bucket's 'bout full I've been a fool about you, for way too long I've been a fool about you, but now I'm gonna get gone|Country
hankwilliams|Ramblin' Man|I can settle down and be doin' just fine Til' I hear an old train rollin' down the line Then I hurry straight home and pack And if I didn't go, I believe I'd blow my stack  I love you baby, but you gotta understand When the Lord made me, He made a Ramblin' Man  Some folks might sa-ay that I'm no good That I wouldn't settle down if I could But when that open ro-oad starts to callin' me There's somethin' o'er the hill that I gotta see  Sometimes it's har-rd but you gotta understand When the Lord made me, He made a Ra-amblin' Man  I love to see the towns a-passin' by And to ride these rails, 'neath God's blue sky Let me travel this land from the mountains to the sea 'Cause that's the life I believe, He meant for me  And when I'm go-one and at my grave you stand Just say God called home your Ra-amblin' Man|Country
hankwilliams|Cool Water|All day I've faced the barren waste  With out the taste of water... cool, water. Ole Dan and I, with throats burned dry, and souls that cry  for water... cool, clear water.  The nights  are cool and I'm  a fool. Each star's a pool of water...  cool, clear water. And with the dawn I'll wake and yawn  and carry on  to water... cool, clear water.  The shadows sway and seem to say Tonight  we  pray for water....  cool, clear water And way up there He'll hear our prayer and show us where  there's water... cool, clear water.  Keep a-movin' Dan. Don't you listen to him Dan. He's the devil, not a man.  He spreads the burnin' sand with water. Say Dan can't you see that  big green tree, where the water's runnin' free.  It's waiting there for you and me  and water....  cool, clear water.  Dan's feet are sore he's yearnin' for Just one thing more than water....  cool, clear water. Like me I guess he'd like to rest where there's no quest  for water... cool, clear water.|Country
hankwilliams|Tennessee Border|Her eyes were blue, her hair was auburn Her smile was like an angel fair She was her daddy's only daughter On the Tennessee Border  <i>[CHORUS]</i> One night I took a ride just across the line I picked her up in a pickup truck And she broke this heart of mine Her mama said: "No-o, she's my only daughter," But we got married on the Tennessee Border.  The roses were bloomin' there on the Border The moon was shinin' there Her personality made me want her On the Tennessee Border.  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Lost Highway|I'm a rollin' stone all alone and lost For a life of sin I've paid the cost When I pass by all the people say Just another guy on the lost highway  Just a deck of cards and a jug of wine And a woman's lies makes a life like mine On the day we met, I went astray I started rollin' down that lost highway  I was just a lad, nearly twenty two Neither good nor bad, just a kid like you And now I'm lost, too late to pray Lord I paid a cost on the lost highway  Now boys don't start to ramblin' round On this road of sin are you sorrow bound Take my advice or you'll curse the day You started rollin' down that lost highway|Country
hankwilliams|I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry|Hear that lonesome whippoorwill He sounds too blue to fly The midnight train is whining low I'm so lonesome I could cry  I've never seen a night so long When time goes crawling by The moon just went behind the clouds To hide its face and cry  Did you ever see a robin weep When leaves began to die? Like me, he's lost the will to live I'm so lonesome I could cry  The silence of a falling star Lights up a purple sky And as I wonder where you are I'm so lonesome I could cry|Country
hankwilliams|Cold, Cold Heart|I tried so hard,my dear,to show that you're my every dream Yet you're afraid each thing I do is just some evil scheme A memory from your lonesome past keeps us so far apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  Another love before my time made your heart sad and blue And so my heart is paying now for things I didn't do In anger, unkind words are said that make the teardrops start Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  You'll never know how much it hurts to see you sit and cry You know you need and want my love, yet you're afraid to try Why do you run and hide from life, to try it just ain't smart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?  There was a time when I believed that you belonged to me But now I know your heart is shackled to a memory The more I learn to care for you, the more we drift apart Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?|Country
hankwilliams|I'll Never Get Out of This World Alive|Now you're lookin' at a man that's gettin' kind-a mad I had lot's of luck but it's all been bad No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  My fishin' pole's broke the creek is full of sand My woman run away with another man No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  A distant uncle passed away and left me quite a batch And I was livin'g high until that fatal day A lawyer proved I wasn't born I was only hatched  Ev'rything's again' me and it's got me down If I jumped in the river I would prob'ly drown No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  These shabby shoes I'm wearin' all the time Are full of holes and nails And brother if I stepped on a worn out dime I bet a nickel I could tell you if it was heads or tails  I'm not gonna worry wrinkles in my brow 'Cause nothin's ever gonna be alright nohow No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  I could buy a Sunday suit and it would leave me broke If it had two pair of pants I would burn the coat No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive  If it was rainin' gold I wouldn't stand a chance I wouldn't have a pocket in my patched up pants No matter how I struggle and strive I'll never get out of this world alive|Country
hankwilliams|Swing Wide Your Gate of Love|Swing wide your gate of love, open wide up your heart I knew when I first met you that you'd be my sweetheart Swing wide your gate of love and please don't let me fall I know you're gonna love me after all  <i>[Chorus]</i> Swing wide the gate and leave it open Towards the center of your heart I'll be bound And I'll mend the heart that has been broken I'm not the kind of guy to let you down  So, swing wide your gate of love, open it for me For you are the one I want, my darlin', can't you see Make up your mind to like me and to be my turtledove I love you, so swing wide your gate of love  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  <i>[Repeat last verse]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|I Saw the Light|I wandered so aimless life filled with sin I wouldn't let my dear saviour in Then Jesus came like a stranger in the night Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I saw the light I saw the light No more darkness no more night Now I'm so happy no sorrow in sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.  Just like a blind man I wandered along Worries and fears I claimed for my own Then like the blind man that God gave back his sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I saw the light I saw the light No more darkness no more night Now I'm so happy no sorrow in sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I was a fool to wander and a-stray Straight is the gate and narrow the way Now I have traded the wrong for the right Praise the Lord I saw the light.  I saw the light I saw the light No more darkness no more night Now I'm so happy no sorrow in sight Praise the Lord I saw the light.|Country
hankwilliams|Dixie Cannonball|I'm  a'headin' back to dixie, That's the place i long to be, Where the cotton grows and the suwanee flows, That's home sweet home to me, Where they meet you and they greet you, With the sweetest how you are, Well shut my mouth, i'm a'headin' south, On the dixie cannon- ball  On the dixie cannonball, on the dixie cannonball, Just listen to the whistle, it'll thrill you one and all, And i know there's some one waitin',  with the sweetest how you are, Well shut my mouth, i'm a'headin' south, on the dixie cannon-ball  When i cross them smokey mountains. i'll be countin' every mile, When the whistle blows, i'll be on my toes, And i'll shuffle down the aisle, And i know i'll not be lonesome, When i see them treetops tall, On the dixie cannon-ball  On the dixie cannonball, on the dixie cannonball, Just listen to the whistle, it'll thrill you one and all, And i know there's some one waitin',  with the sweetest how you are, Well shut my mouth, i'm a'headin' south, on the dixie cannon-ball  Yes, i'm goin' back to dixie, that's the place i long to be, Where the cotton grows and the suwanee flows, That's home sweet home to me, Where they meet you and they greet you, With the sweetest how you are, Well shut my mouth, i'm a'headin' south, On the dixie cannon- ball  On the dixie cannonball, on the dixie cannonball, Just listen to the whistle, it'll thrill you one and all, And i know there's some one waitin',  with the sweetest how you are, Well shut my mouth, i'm a'headin' south, on the dixie cannon-ball|Country
hankwilliams|Please Make up Your Mind|When I agree with you baby it makes you mad and when I don't it makes you sad When I argue back you pack and leave and when I don't you pout in grieve There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do You say get out and I'd better stay gone Then you have a big policeman drag me back home You holler good and loud put him in the calaboose Then you cry and ask the judge won't you please turn him loose The good Lord only knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do My life with you baby has been one hard knock Lord my head looks like an old chop block And I'll tell you right now honey that ain't all You done kicked me till I feel like a used football There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do You knock me down and then you pick me up Honey do you have to love so doggone rough I wish to my soul you'd slow down the pace Cause I tell you right now the hide's gettin' sca'ce There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do Why when I married you, you were such a meek little thing But honey among tigers you'd be queen If a poor little rabbit had you on his side Every hound in the country would crawl off and hide There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind  What in the confounded cat hair you want me to do|Country
hankwilliams|Someday You'll Call My Name|Someday you'll call my name and I won't answer Someday you'll reach for me I won't be there For you've grown tired of all the love I gave you But someday you'll wish that I still care.  All these years how I've loved you Still I know I claim you for my own Someday you'll call my name and I won't answer For someday you'll find yourself alone.  When you hair has turned from Gold to Silver And your eyes are dimmed by passing years You'll remember darling what I told you There'll be no one then to dry your tears.  There'll come a time in your life dear When you'll need someone who will care Someday you'll call my name and I won't answer For someday you'll find that I'm not there.|Country
hankwilliams|Sundown and Sorrow|Sundown and sorrow have found me Memories are makin' me blue Here with the shadows around me I can't forget lovin' you  Nothing but daydreams to haunt me Dreams that will never come true It's hard to know you don't want me I just can't help lovin' you  Forever, so long I've been yearnin' Wondering what I could do Deep in my heart, there's a burnin' I just can't help lovin' you|Country
hankwilliams|Ready to Go Home|There's comin' a day when the world shall melt away And Jesus shall come to claim His own No more tears, no pain, no woe, in this wicked world below Then will you be ready to go home  Will you be ready to go, ready to go home To live with Him up there around the throne When He says come unto Me, will your soul be clean and free Then will you be ready to go home  In this world of greed and hate will you wait til it's too late To claim the Saviour for your own For He's coming someday, to bear your soul away Then will you be ready to go home  As you travel day by day, down life's long highway Are you on the road that leads to wrong If you'll just travel in His light and pray both day and night Then you'll be ready to go home|Country
hankwilliams|The Old Home|I went to the old home Where I once use to roam And all of my friend's Had everyone gone  How sad, And how drear No voice did I hear There was no one To welcome me home  No one, to welcome me home Oh no, no one, to welcome me home How sad and how drear No voice could I hear There was no one, to welcome me home  I went to the old school Where I once loved to play And all of my playmates Had everyone gone  So lonesome and drear No voice did I hear There was no one To welcome me home  No one, to welcome me home There was no one, to welcome me home But when I behold That mansion of gold There'll be someone, to welcome me home|Country
hankwilliams|California Zephyr|From the Great Salt Lakes of Utah to California's golden shore Colorado and Nevada through the deserts burnin' door While she's circlin' through the canyons, can't you see that mountain stream It's the California Zephyr, the Union Pacific Queen  See her rockin' see her rollin' as she rambles on her way She left LA this mornin' burnin' up the right of way In the distance hear her moanin' hear her lonesome whistle scream It's the California Zephyr, the Union Pacific Queen  She leaves the city of the angels headin' for ole Santa Fe She's a makin' nauts she's makin' time just watch her swing and sway And from way out in the darkness, see that headlight gleam It's the California Zephyr, the Union Pacific Queen  From the Great Salt Lakes of Utah to California's golden shore Colorado and Nevada through the deserts burnin' door While she's circlin' through the canyons, can't you see that mountain stream It's the California Zephyr, the Union Pacific Queen|Country
hankwilliams|Little Paper Boy|Out on the corner standin' so bold Stood a little paper boy so hungry and cold And as the crowd came passin' by These words he said with tears in his eyes  "Please buy a paper from me So I can get me somethin' to eat My clothes are ragged, no shoes on my feet" Said the little paper boy, there on the street  "Out in this cold wide world all alone I have no place on this earth to call home I haven't had the chance that other kids had I have no mother, nor even a dad"  "So please buy a paper from me So I can get me somethin' to eat My clothes are ragged, no shoes on my feet" Said the little paper boy, there on the street  Early next mornin' as the crowd passed by The little boy was gone and they wondered why They started searchin' and then found him dead He died with the papers under his head  No one was there, his body to claim There he was lying but he felt no pain Now he has gone up to Heaven we know The little paper boy who died in the snow  There ya have it, friends|Country
hankwilliams|Weary Blues From Waitin'|Weary blues from waitin' Lord, I've been waitin' too long These blues have got me  cryin'  The snow falls 'round my window But it can't chill my heart God knows it died the day you left My dream world fell a part.  Weary blues from waitin' Lord, I've been waitin' too long These blues have got me  cryin'  Thru tears I watch young lovers As they go strollin' by Oh, all the things that might have been God forgive me if I cry.  Weary blues from waitin' Lord, I've been waitin' too long These blues have got me  cryin'|Country
hankwilliams|I Can't Escape From You|I've tried and tried to run and hide To find a life that's new But where I go, I always know I can't escape from you.  A jug of wine to numb my mind But what good does it do The jug runs dry and still I cry I can't escape from you.  These wasted tears are souvenirs Of a love I thought was true Your memory is chained to me I can't escape from you.  There is no end, I can't pretend That dreams will soon come true A slave too long to a heart of stone I can't escape from you.|Country
hankwilliams|Angel of Death|In the great book of John You're warned of the day When you'll be laid Beneath the cold clay  The Angel of Death Will come from the sky And claim up your soul When the time comes to die  When the Angel of Death Comes down after you Can you smile and say That you have been true  Can you truthfully say With your dying breath That you're ready to meet The Angel of Death  When the lights all grow dim And the dark shadows creep And then your lived ones Are gathered to weep  Can you face them and say With your dying breath That you're ready to meet The Angel of Death  When the Angel of Death Comes down after you Can you smile and say That you have been true  Can you truthfully say With your dying breath That you're ready to meet The Angel of Death|Country
hankwilliams|Calling You|When you've strayed from the fold And  there's trouble in your soul Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour  Callin' You? When your soul is lost in sin And you're at your  journey's end Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? <i>[CHORUS]</i> Callin' You?, (Callin'  You?) Callin' You?, (Callin' You?) Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour  Callin' You? He will take you by the hand Lead you to that  promise land Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? As you journey day by day And temptation  comes your way Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? If you'll  follow in His light He will always guide you right Can't you hear the  Blessed Saviour Callin' You? <i>[CHORUS]</i> When your soul is burdened down And your  friend(s) can not be found Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin'  You? If you'll follow Him each day He will brighten up your way Can't  you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Wealth Won't Save Your Soul|AS WE JOURNEY ALONG, ON LIFE'S WICKED ROAD, SO SELFISH ARE WE, FOR SILVER AND GOLD, YOU CAN TREASURE YOUR WEALTH, YOUR DIAMONDS AND GOLD, BUT MY FRIENDS IT WON'T SAVE, YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.  FOR WHEN GOD CALLS, FROM HIS HOME UP ON HIGH, TO YOUR EARTHLY WEALTH, YOU MUST SAY GOODBYE, THEN IT'S USELESS TO YOU, IF YOU'VE STRAYED FROM THE FOLD, FOR MY FRIEND IT WON'T SAVE YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.  THE RICH MAN LIKE ALL, WILL BE JUDGED AT THAT TIME, BUT ALL OF HIS WEALTH, WILL BE LEFT BEHIND. FOR NO MATTER HOW MUCH EARTHLY WEALTH YOU GET HOLD, WELL MY FRIEND IT WON'T SAVE, YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.  WHEN THE WORLD IS ON FIRE, ON THAT JUDGEMENT DAY, FOR ALL OF OUR WRONGS, THEN WE MUST PAY, BUT THE DEBT CAN'T BE PAID, WITH SILVER AND GOLD, NO FRIENDS IT WON'T SAVE, YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.|Country
hankwilliams|When God Comes and Gathers His Jewels|The ceremony was over A lad stood alone in tears For he had just said goodbye To the one he had loved thru the years.  He stood all alone with his head bowed down As though his heart would break Then the Parson came over and took his hand And to him these words he did say.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> When God comes and gathers his jewels All his treasures of diamonds and gold You'll meet her up there in heaven so fair When God comes and gathers his jewels. <i>[Substitute I'll meet her.....on last chorus]</i>  Each night when the pale moon is shining You can see this lad all alone With his eyes lifted to'ard heaven He's repeating these words he was told.  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Where the Old Red River Flows|I'm dreaming tonight of Dixie cotton fields and Whippoorwills  Where I used to live and wander through the rocks and through the rivs  I can see my old dear mammy while around the place she'd go On my farm in Louisiana where the old Red River flows  Ayyy deeeeee dooooloooooooooo  You can hear those darkies crooning soft and low  And the twilight in the evening so loooooo so soft and loooooooo  On my farm in Louisiana where the old Red River flows   Well the lights tonight on Broadway electric lights shine bright as day  On the beach at Coney Island where the laughter makes you gay  But I'm going back tonight love on the icy wind she goes To my farm in Louisiana where the old Red River flows  Ayyy deeeeee dooooloooooooooo  You can hear those darkies crooning soft and low  And the twilight in the evening so loooooo so soft and loooooooo  On my farm in Louisiana where the old Red River flows|Country
hankwilliams|The Alabama Waltz|I was sad and blue, I was down-hearted, too It seemed like the whole world was lost And I took a chance, and we happened to dance To the tune of the ALABAMA WALTZ.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> Waltz, Waltz, the ALABAMA WALTZ There all my fears and tears were lost There in your arms, with all of your charms We danced to the ALABAMA WALTZ.  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Pan American|I have heard your stories about your fast trains But now I'll tell you about one all the southern folks have seen She's the beauty of the southlands listen to that whistle scream It's that Pan American on her way to New Or-leans.  She leaves Cincinnati headin' down that Dixie line When she passes that Nashville tower you can hear that whistle whine Stick your head out the window and feel that southern breeze your on that Pan American on her way to New Or-leans.  Ohio and Kentucky Tennessee and Alabam, the delta state of  Mississippi, she's Louisina Bound, of the trains in the southland  this one is the queen, all the way from Cincinnati down to New Orleans.  If your ever in the south lands and want to see the scenes Just get your self a ticket on that Pan American Queen Louiville Nashville Montgomery the cap'tal of Ala-bam You pass right through then all when your New Orleans bound.  She leaves Cincinnati headin' down that Dixie line When she passes that Nashville tower you can hear that whistle whine Stick your head out the window and feel that southern breeze your on that Pan American on her way to New Or-leans.|Country
hankwilliams|Fly Trouble|DID YOU EVER SIT STRAIGHT UP IN BED  WITH SOMETHIN' A CIRCLIN' ROUND YA HEAD  AN YA SWAT AT IT AS IT WIZZES BY  AND IT'S JUST ONE PESKY LITTLE FLY  YOU SHAKE YA HEAD AN TWITCH YA NOSE  AND SETTLE DOWN TO SWEEP YA FLOORS AND WHEN YA JUST ABOUT TO DOSE...FLY TROUBLE  <i>[CHORUS]</i> BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ GOES THAT BUSY LITTLE FLY  BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ HE'S TAKIN OFF AN HIDE  YOU ROLL THE PAPER UP NICE AND TIGHT  AND WAIT AROUND FOR HIM TO LIGHT  BUT THEIRS A FLY THAT'S A LIVEN RIGHT BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ  <i>[BAND PLAYS]</i>  NOW THE TOUGHEST HIDE GROWS ON A MULE  CAUSE HE'S A BULKY STUBORN FOOL HE LIKES TO LOOK AT YU AND GLARE  AN NEVER EVEN MOVE A HAIR  BUT WHEN HIS MUSCLES START TO TWITCH  AN WHEN HIS TAIL BEGINS TO SWISH THAT MULE AIN'T BOTHERED WITH AN ITCH...FLY TROUBLE  <i>[CHORUS]</i> BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ GOES THAT BUSY LITTLE PEST  BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ THAT MULE CAN'T GET NO REST  HE SHAKES HIS HEAD AN BATS HIS EYE AN KICKS HIS HEELS UP TO THE SKY DID YOU EVER SEE A JASS ACK CRY BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ  <i>[BAND PLAYS]</i>  NOW YOU PICK A PERFECT NIGHT IN JUNE WHEN FLOWERS ARE BLOOMIN BENEATH THE MOON  AND YA LIGHT OF LOVE IS SHININ' BRIGHT  AN YOU TELL YA SELF TONIGHTS THE NIGHT  YA BRACE YA SELF AN YA COURAGE GROWS AN ON YA KNEES WHERE YOU WOULD PROPOSE WHEN SOMETHIN BIGHTS YOU ON THE NOSE...FLY TROUBLE   <i>[CHORUS]</i> BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ GOES THAT BUSY LITTLE THING  BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ YOU SWAT AN LOOSE THE RING  YOU FAN THE AIR AS HE GOES BY AN STICK YA FINGER IN YOUR EYE HIT EVERYTHING EXCEPT THAT FLY BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ|Country
hankwilliams|There's Nothing as Sweet as My Baby|I like candy, I like cake, I like jam but goodness sake There's nothin' as sweet as my baby  Golden hair and big blue eyes she could win a beauty prize There's nothin' as sweet as my baby  If I ever lose her I'll lay me down and die If sugar seems sweet then you ought to meet My honey coated sweetie pie  I like candy, I like cake, I like jam but goodness sake There's nothin' as sweet as my baby  I like candy, I like cake, I like jam but goodness sake There's nothin' as sweet as my baby  I feel like a honey bee, when she's buzzing round with me There's nothin' as sweet as my baby  Got pounds of candy kisses, but I can't spare an ounce She's sweeter than wine and brother she's mine And that's the only thing that counts  I like candy, I like cake, I like jam but goodness sakes  There's nothin' as sweet as my baby|Country
hankwilliams|I'm Satisfied With You|You don't dress up in satin, You don't wear diamond rings, But I'm satisfied with you. You look just like an angel but you haven't got wings, But I'm satisfied with you.  I'd rather have you just the way that you are Than change you for somebody new. Maybe I could do better if I reached for a star, But I'm satisfied with you.  You're not made out of candy But you're as sweet as you can be So I'm satisfied with you. I just can't see no reason why you bother with me, But I'm satisfied with you.  I often wonder if it's all a mistake; It's hard to believe that it's true. But If I'm only dreaming, I sure don't want to wake, 'Cause I'm satisfied with you.  I'm satisfied with you.|Country
hankwilliams|On the Banks of the Old Pontchartrain|I traveled from Texas to old Louisanne Through valleys, o'er mountains and plains Both footsore and weary I rested awhile On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  The fairest young maiden that I ever saw Passed by as it started to rain We both found a shelter beneath the same tree On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  We hid from the shower an hour or so She asked me how long I'd remain I told her that I'd spend the rest of my days On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  I just couldn't tell her that I ran away From jail on a West Texas plain I prayed in my heart I would never be found On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  Then one day a man put his hand on my arm And said I must go west again I left her alone without saying goodbye On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  Tonight as I sit here alone in my cell I know that she's waiting in vain I'm hoping and praying someday to return On the banks of the old Pontchartrain|Country
hankwilliams|Rootie Tootie|Met my future wife today And her name is Kathy Mae Rootie Tootie, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Sunday gal.  Feelin' dandy, doin' swell My gal is the village bell Hotsy-totsy (Rootie Tootie) Super-duper (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Monday gal.  You should see the people stare When we walk around the square Bouncy-bouncy, (Rootie Tootie) Upsy-daisy, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Tuesday gal.  I'm not jealous, no siree Just as long as she's with me Wicky-wacky, (Rootie Tootie) Humpty-dumpty, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Wednesday gal.  She's got "purty" eyes of blue And she thinks I'm "purty", too Tootsie-wootsie, (Rootie Tootie) Hunky-dory, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Thursday gal.  Gonna make that lady mine When she signs that dotted line Hinky-dinky, (Rootie Tootie) Yipsy-doodle, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Friday gal.|Country
hankwilliams|I Can't Get You Off of My Mind|<i>[Chorus]</i> Oh, I can't get you off of my mind When I try I'm just wastin' my time Lord I've tried and I've tried And all night long I've cried But I can't get you off of my mind.  Didn't think you would leave me behind  But I guess you're the two-timin' kind Do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart When I can't get you off of my mind.  <i>[Chorus]</i>  You believe that a true love is blind So you fool ev'ry new love you find You've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies Oh, I can't get you off my mind.  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|My Sweet Love Ain't Around|Listen to the rain a-fallin' Can't you hear that lonesome sound Oh, my poor old heart is breakin' 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  Lord, I think I'll start to ramble Got to leave this weary town This old place is way too lonely 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  On that train tonight I'm leavin' And don't ask me where I'm bound I can't stay here any longer 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  Memories come back to haunt me My dream house has done fell down This old world is dark around me 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  Something tells me that I'm losing 'Cause these weary blues I've found Oh, my baby left this morning Lord, my sweet love ain't around|Country
hankwilliams|The Blues Come Around|Once I was happy as I could be But I let a gal make a fool of me And ever since she let me down The blues come around when the sun goes down  <i>[Chorus]</i> Oh, the blues come around Oh the blues come around Lawd, the blues come around Ev'ry evenin' when the sun goes down  As long as the sun is in the sky These doggone blues never make me cry But ever since she left this town The blues come around when the sun goes down  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  I built my castles very high And then she went and said goodbye And ever since she tore 'em down The blues come around when the sun goes down  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  Once she called me all her own But now she's gone and I'm alone And ever evenin' I'm sorrow bound 'Cause the blues come around when the sun goes down  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|A Mansion on the Hill|Tonight down here in the valley I'm lonesome and O how I feel As I sit here alone in my cabin I can see your mansion on the hill  Do you recall when we parted The story to me you revealed You said you could live without loving In your loveless mansion on the hill  I've waited all through the years love To give you a heart true and real Cause I know you're living in sorrow In your loveless mansion on the hill  The light shine bright from yer window The trees stand so silent and still I know you're alone with your pride dear In your loveless mansion on the hill|Country
hankwilliams|I'll Be a Bachelor 'Til I Die|I'll take you to the picture show and, babe, I'll hold your hand I'll sit up in your parlor, let you cool me with your fan I'll listen to your troubles and pet you when you cry But get that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die  I done my honky tonkin' 'round if that will bring you fun But somehow, I can't understand how one and one makes one I like to cuddle near you and listen to you lie But get that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die  Now, if you want a help, mate, you're just wasting lots of time 'Cause I'm afraid of church bells, how they scare me when they chime I've seen those married people just up and say goodbye So keep that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die  This freedom's mighty precious in this land of liberty I've seen what matrimony done to better men than me I don't mind keepin' company with the apple of my eye But keep that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die|Country
hankwilliams|Take These Chains From My Heart|Take these chains from my heart and set me free You've grown cold and no longer care for me All my faith in you is gone but the heartaches linger on Take these chains from my heart and set me free  Take these tears from my eyes and let me see Just a spark of the love that used to be If you love somebody new let me find a new love too Take these chains from my heart and set me free  Give my heart just a word of sympathy Be as fair to my heart as you can be Then if you no longer care For the love that's beating there Take these chains from my heart and set me free  Take these chains from my heart and set me free You've grown cold and no longer care for me All my faith in you is gone but the heartaches linger on Take these chains from my heart and set me free|Country
hankwilliams|Settin the Woods on Fire|You sing loud and I'll sing louder tonight we're settin' the woods on fire You're my gal and I'm your feller dress up in your frock of yeller I'll look swell but you'll look sweller settin' the woods on fire We'll take in all the honky tonks tonight we're havin' fun We'll show the folks a brand new dance that never has been done I don't care who thinks we're silly you'll be daffy and I'll be dilly We'll order up two bowls of chili settin' the woods on fire <i>[ steel - fiddle ]</i> I'll gas up my hot rod stoker we'll get hotter than a poker You'll be broke but I'll be broker tonight we're settin' the woods on fire We'll sit close to one another up one street and down the other We'll have us a time oh brother settin' the woods on fire We'll put aside a little time to fix a flat or two My tires and tubes are doin' fine but the air is showin' through You clap hands and I'll start bowin' we'll do all the laws allowin' Tomorrow I'll be right back plowin' settin' the woods on fire|Country
hankwilliams|Hey Good Lookin|Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me? Hey, sweet baby - don't you think maybe We can find us a brand new recipe?  I got a hot rod Ford, and a two dollar bill And I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancing's free So if you wanna have fun, come along with me  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?  I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about saving all your time for me? No more lookin' - I know I been tookin' Hows about keepin' steady company?  I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence And buy me one for five or ten cents I'll keep it till it's covered with age Cause I'm writin' your name down on every page  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?|Country
hankwilliams|Moanin' the Blues|When my baby moved out and the blues moved in There wasn't nothin' I could do But mosey around with my head in my hands Lord what am I comin' to I just keep Moanin' Moa-oanin' the blues.  I wrote a nice, long letter Sayin' mama please come home Your dad-ad-dy is lon-one-some And all I do is moan ... I been lovin' that gal for so doggone long I can't afford to lose her now I thought I was right but I must of been wrong 'Cause my head is startin' to bow And now I'm Moanin' Moa-oanin' The Blues.  If you want a good gal to stay around You gotta treat her nice and kind If you do her wrong she'll leave this tonw And you'll almost lose your mind Then you'll moanin'; Moa-oanin' The Blues.  Aw! baby, baby, baby Honey baby, please come home Your dad-ad-dy is lon-one-some and all I do is moan I promise you baby that I'll be good And I'll never be bad no more I'm sittin' here waitin' for you right now To walk through that front door Then I'll stop moanin'; Moa-oanin' The Blues.|Country
hankwilliams|Crazy Heart|You thought she'd care for you and so you acted smart Go on an break, you Crazy Heart You lived on promises I knew would fall apart Go on and break you Crazy Heart.  You never would admit you were mis-tak-en You didn't even know, the chances you were takin' I knew you couldn't win, I told you from the start Go on and break you Crazy Heart.  I knew you'd wake up and find her missin' I tried my best to warn you, but you wouldn't listen You told me I was wrong, you thought that you were smart Go on an break you Crazy Heart.|Country
hankwilliams|I Won't Be Home No More|Well, you're just in time to be too late I tried to but I couldn't wait And now I've got another date So I won't be home no more You're just in time to miss the boat So don't take off your hat and coat Be on your way, that's all she wrote 'Cause I won't be home no more.  I stood around a month or two And waited for your call Now I'm too busy pitchin' woo So come around next fall I scratched your name right off my slate And hung a sign on my front gate You're just in time to be too late And I won't be home no more.  Well, you're just in time to turn around And drive your buggy back to town You looked me up I turned you down And I won't be home no more You're just in time to change your tune Go tell your troubles to the moon And call around next May or June 'Cause I won't be home no more.  I used to be the patient kind Believed each alibi But that's all done, I've changed my mind I've got new fish to fry Well, you're just in time to celebrate  The things you didn't calculate You're just in time to be too late And I won't be home no more.|Country
hankwilliams|There'll Be No Teardrops Tonight|I'll pretend I'm free from sorrow  Make believe that wrong is right  Your wedding day will be tomorrow  But there'll be no teardrops tonight.   Why, oh why - should you desert me  Are you doin' this for spite  If you only want to hurt me  Then there'll be no teardrops tonight.   I'll believe that you still love me  When you wear your veil of white  But you think that you're above me  So there'll be no teardrops tonight.   Shame, oh shame - for what you're doin'  Other arms will hold you tight  You don't care whose life you ruin  But there'll be no teardrops tonight.|Country
hankwilliams|Lost on the River|Lost on the river Dark is the night Just like the blind Praying for sight Drifting alone  Heart filled with strife I'm lost on the river The river of life  Once dear I thought I knew the way But that was before Old sad yesterday Words that you told me Cut like a knife I'm lost on the river The river of life  Out on this river Where sorrow creeps Thiinking of you And how my heart weeps Tomorrow you'll be Another man's wife And I'm lost on the river The river of life|Country
hankwilliams|Honky Tonk Blues|Well I left my home down on the rural route I told my paw I'm going steppin out and get the Honky tonk blues,  Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got 'em,  I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  Well I went to a dance and I wore out my shoes Woke up this mornin wishin I could lose Them jumpin honky tonk blues,  Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got 'em,  I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  Well I stopped into every place in town This city life has really got me down I got the honky tonk blues,  Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got em,  got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  I'm gonna tuck my worries underneath my arm And scat right back to my pappy's farm And leave these honky tonk blues,  Yeah the honky tonk blues Well Lord I got 'em,  I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.|Country
hankwilliams|Lovesick Blues|I got a feelin' called the blues, oh Lord Since my baby said goodbye Lord I don't know what I'll do All I do is sit and sigh, oh Lord  That last long day she said goodbye Well lord I thought I would cry She'll do me, she'll do you She's got that kind of lovin'  Lord I love to hear her when she calls me sweet da-a-addy Such a beautiful dream I hate to think it's all over I've lost my heart it seems  I've grown so used to you somehow Well I'm nobody's sugar daddy now And I'm lo-o-onesome I got the lovesick blues  Well I'm in love I'm in love with a beautiful gal That's what's the matter with me Well I'm in love I'm in love with a beautiful gal But she don't care about me  Lord I tried and tried, to keep her satisfied But she just wouldn't stay So now that she is leavin' This is all I can say  I got a feelin' called the blues, oh Lord Since my baby said goodbye Lord I don't know what I'll do All I do is sit and sigh, oh Lord  That last long day she said goodbye Well Lord I thought I would cry She'll do me, she'll do you She's got that kind of lovin'  Lord I love to hear her when she calls me sweet da-a-addy Such a beautiful dream I hate to think it all over I've lost my heart it seems  I've grown so used to you somehow Lord I'm nobody's sugar daddy now And I'm lo-o-onesome I got the lovesick blues|Country
hankwilliams|Honky Tonkin'|When you are sad and lonely and have no place to go Call me up, sweet baby, and bring along some dough And we'll go Honky Tonkin', Honky Tonkin' Honky Tonkin', Honey Baby We'll go Honky Tonkin' 'round this town.  When you and your baby have a fallin' out Just call me up sweet mama and we'll go steppin' out And we'll go Honky Tonkin', Honky Tonkin' Honky Tonkin', Honey Baby We'll go Honky Tonkin' 'round this town. We're goin' to the city - to the city fair  If you go to the city then you will find me there And we'll go Honky Tonkin', Honky Tonkin' Honky Tonkin', Honey Baby We'll go Honky Tonkin' 'round this town.  <i>[Repeat first verse]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|My Bucket's Got a Hole in It|Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.    Well I'm standin' on a  corner - With a bucket in my hand I'm waitin' for a woman - That ain't got no man.   'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.    Well, I went upon the mountain - I looked down in the sea I seen the crabs and the fishes - Doin' the be-bop-bee.   'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.    Well, there ain't no use - of me workin' so hard When I got a woman - in the boss man's yard.   'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.    Well, me and my baby - we just bought a Ford And now we sit together - on the running board.  'Cause My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It Yea! My Bucket's Got A Hole In It I can't buy no beer.|Country
hankwilliams|Move It on Over|Came in last night at half past ten That baby of mine wouldn't let me in So move it on over (move it on over) Move it on over (move it on over) Move over, little dog, 'cause the big dog's moving in  She's changed the lock on our front door My door key don't fit no more So get it on over (move it on over) Scoot it on over (move it on over) Move over, skinny dog, 'cause the fat dog's moving in  This dog house here is mighty small But it's better than no house at all So ease it on over (move it on over) Drag it on over (move it on over) Move over, old dog, 'cause a new dog's moving in  She told me not to play around But I done let the deal go down So pack it on over (move it on over) Tote it on over (move it on over) Move over, nice dog, 'cause a mad dog's moving in  She warned me once, she warned me twice But I don't take no one's advice So scratch it on over (move it on over) Shake it on over (move it on over) Move over, short dog, 'cause a tall dog's moving in  She'll crawl back to me on her knees I'll be busy scratching fleas So slide it on over (move it on over) Sneak it on over (move it on over) Move over, good dog, 'cause a mad dog's moving in  Remember pup, before you whine That side's yours and this side's mine So shove it on over (move it on over) Sweep it on over (move it on over) Move over, cold dog, 'cause a hot dog's moving in|Country
hankwilliams|I Just Don't Like This Kind of Livin'|I Just Don't Like This Kind Of Livin' I'm tired of doin' all the givin' I give my all and sit and yearn And get no lovin' in return And I Just Don't Like This Kind Of Livin'.  Why do we stay together We always fuss and fight You ain't never known to be wrong And I ain't never been right;  Tell me where you think we're goin' 'Cause I ain't got no way of knowin' When things go wrong, you go your way You leave me here, to pay and pay And I Just Don't Like This Kind Of Livin'.  I just don't like the things you're doin' Your evil heart will be your ruin When things start runnin' smooth and free You haul right off and you pick on me And I just don't like this way of livin'.  They say the road of love is long It's rocky and it's rough But if this road don't start to get smooth I've traveled it long enough;  Why don't you act a little older And get that chip off of your shoulder I've told you once, now I'll tell you twice You better start to treat me nice 'Cause I just don't like this way of livin'.|Country
hankwilliams|They'll Never Take Her Love From Me|If today the sun should set on all my hopes and cares There is one smiling face the gods would see 'Cus she'll walk along beside me up the golden stairs No, they'll never never take her love from me.  What a fool I was to go and break the trust she gave And see her love turn into sympathy It's the one regret I'll carry with me to my grave Oh, they'll never ever take her love from me.  <i>[Bridge chords for solos]</i>  I'm so thankful for each golden hour of happiness That we shared together in the used to be Someone else's arms may hold her now in fond caress But they'll never never take her love from me.  I thought I'd make her happy if I stepped aside But I knew her love would never set me free And even on the morning she became another's bride I said they'll never never take her love from me.|Country
hankwilliams|Long Gone Lonesome Blues|I went down to the river to watch the fish swim by But I got to the river so lonesome I wanted to die, oh Lord And then I jumped in the river, but the doggone river was dry She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue  I had me a woman who couldn't be true She made me for my money and she made me blue A man needs a woman that he can lean on But my leanin' post is done left and gone She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue  I'm gonna find me a river, one that's cold as ice And when I find me that river, Lord I'm gonna pay the price, oh Lord I'm goin' down in it three times, but Lord I'm only comin' up twice She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue  She told me on Sunday she was checkin' me out Long about Monday she was nowhere about And here it is Tuesday, ain't had no news I got them gone but not forgotten blues She's long gone, and now I'm lonesome blue|Country
hankwilliams|Mind Your Own Business|If the wife and I are fussin', brother that's our right 'Cause me and that sweet woman's got a license to fight Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business 'Cause if you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine  Oh, the woman on our party line's the nosiest thing She picks up her receiver when she knows it's my ring Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business Well, if you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine  I got a little gal that wears her hair up high The boys all whistle when she walks by Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business Well, if you mind your business, you sure won't be minding mine  If I want to honky tonk around 'til two or three Now, brother that's my headache, don't you worry 'bout me Just mind your own business Mind your own business If you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine  Mindin' other people's business seems to be high-toned I got all that I can do just to mind my own Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business If you mind your own business, you'll stay busy all the time|Country
hankwilliams|Why Don't You Love Me|Well, Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do How come you treat me like a worn out shoe My hair's still curly and my eyes are still blue Why Don't You Love Me Like You Used To Do.  Ain't had no lovin' like a huggin' and a kissin' in a long, long while We don't get nearer or further or closer than a country mile;  Why don't you spark me like you used to do And say sweet nothin's like you used to coo I'm the same old trouble that you've always been through So, Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do.  Well, why don't you be just like you used to be How come you find so many faults with me Somebody's changed so let me give you a clue Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do.  Ain't had no lovin' like a huggin' and a kissin' in a long, long while We don't get nearer or further  than a country mile;  Why don't you say the things you used to say What makes you treat me like a piece of clay My hair's still curly and my eyes are still blue Why Don't You Love Me like you used to do.|Country
hankwilliams|Dear John|Well when I woke up this mornin', There was a note upon my door, Said don't make me no coffee Babe, 'cause I won't be back no more, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.  Now Jonah got along in the belly of the whale, Daniel in the lion's den, But I know a guy that didn't try to get along, And he won't get a chance again, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've fetched your saddle home.  Well she didn't forward no address, Nor she didn't say goodbye, All she said was if you get blue, Just hang your little head and cry, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.  Now my gal's short and stubby, She's strong as she can be, But if that little old gal of mine, Ever get's a-hold of me, That's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.  Now Jonah got along in the belly of the whale, Daniel in the lion's den, But I know a man that didn't try to get along, And he won't get a chance again, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've fetched your saddle home.  Now I went down to the bank this morning, The cashier said with a grin, I feel so sorry for you Hank, But your wife has done been in, And that's all she wrote, Dear John, I've sent your saddle home.|Country
hankwilliams|Nobody's Lonesome for Me|Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's thinkin' 'bout somebody else But nobody thinks about me When the time rolls around for me to lay down and die I bet I'll have to go and hire me someone to cry Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else nobody is lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's longin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's dreamin' about somebody else But nobody dreams about me All I need is a bride who want's a big-hearted groom I wouldn't care if she come ridin' in on a broom Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's pinin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's crazy 'bout somebody else But nobody's crazy 'bout me Oh, I shined up my shoes and then I slicked down my hair Put on my Sunday suit, but I ain't goin' nowhere Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's yearnin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's fallin' for somebody else But nobody's fallin' for me Now I ain't had a kiss since I fell out of my crib It looks to me like I been cheated out of my rib Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.|Country
hankwilliams|Let the Spirit Descend|Let the Spirit descend, like a beautiful dove As it did on Jesus that day He was baptized by John, in the river of Jordan And God's voice, like thunder said, "This is my Son"  When John came preachin', preparin' the way For Jesus the Heavenly King If you'll only trust and believe in His Word You'll stand in God's kingdom and not be ashamed  Let the Spirit descend, like a beautiful dove As it did on Jesus that day He was baptized by John, in the river of Jordan And God's voice, like thunder said, "This is my Son"|Country
hankwilliams|Wedding Bells|I have the invitation that you sent me You wanted me to see you change your name I couldn't stand to see you wed another But dear I hope you're happy just the same  Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel That should be ringing out for you and me Down the aisle with someone else you're walking Those wedding bell will never ring for me  I planned a little cottage in the valley I even bought a little band of gold I thought some day I'd place it on your finger But now the future looks so dark and cold  Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel I hear the children laughing out with glee At home alone I hang my head in sorrow Those wedding bells will never ring for me  I fancy that I see a bunch of roses A blossom from an orange tree in your hair And while the organ plays I love you truly Please let me pretend that I am there  Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel Ever since the day you set me free I knew someday that you would wed another But wedding bells will never ring for me|Country
hankwilliams|Baby, We're Really in Love|If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love If you're happy with me like i'm happy with you Old cupid just gave us a shove  If you're thinkin' of me like i'm thinkin' of you Then i know what you're thinkin' of If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.  I run around in circles And turn in fire alarms I'm nutty as a fruitcake When you're not in my arms If you're meant for me like i'm meant for you Baby, we fit like a glove If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.  If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love. If you're countin' on me like i'm countin' on you Old cupid just gave us a shove If you're dreamin' of me like i'm dreamin' of you Then i know what you're dreamin' of If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.  My folks think i've gone crazy And i don't feel too sure And yet there's nothin' wrong with me That weddin' bells won't cure If you go for me like i go for you Baby, we fit like a glove If you're lovin' me like i'm lovin' you Baby, we're really in love.|Country
hankwilliams|I've Just Told Mama Goodbye|Each year on Mother's day The rose I wore was red But today I'm saying my first prayer Mama's lying on her dying bed.  I've just told Mama goodbye Mother's day has turned to night Like the flowers in May, she withered away And my red rose is turning white.  This is the dreaded hour We all must face someday Yet there's consolation in my heart She will bloom in the Master's bouquet.  Her time has come to go And there's nothing I can do Only hold her hand and say goodbye Mama's day with her children is through.  I've just told Mama goodbye And knelt beside her bed I heard her say, "I'll meet you someday, Where the white roses turn to red."|Country
hankwilliams|A House Without Love|For years we both have lived on pride, dear And we agree that love is gone Why, oh why do we keep tryin' A House Without Love is not a home.    The lovelight in your eyes has faded And I'm contented just to roam We slaved to gain a worthless treasure A House Without Love is not a home.  No matter where our footsteps wander I know we'll both be all alone With the pride that came between us A House Without Love is not a home.    The simple things have gone forever We wanted wealth to call our own And now we've reached the hour of parting A House Without Love is not a home.|Country
hankwilliams|The Old Country Church|There's a place near to me, where I'm longing to be With my friends at the old country church There with mother we went and our Sundays we spent With our friends at the old country church  Precious years of memories Oh, what joy they bring to me How I long once more to be With my friends at the old country church  How I wish that today all the people would pray Like we prayed in that old country church If they'd only confess, Jesus surely would bless As He did in that old country church  Precious years of memories Oh, what joy they bring to me How I long once more to be With my friends at the old country church|Country
hankwilliams|I'm a Long Gone Daddy|All you want to do is sit around and pout And now I got enough and so I'm getting out  I'm leaving now I'm leaving now I'm a long gone daddy I don't need you anyhow  I been in the doghouse so doggone long That when I get a kiss I think that something's wrong  <i>[chorus]</i>  I'll go find a gal that wants to treat me right You go get yourself a man that wants to fight  <i>[chorus]</i>  You start your jaws a-wagging and it never stop You never shut your mouth until I blow my top  <i>[chorus]</i>  I remember back when you were nice and sweet Things have changed, you'd rather fight than eat  <i>[chorus]</i>  I'm a-gonna do some riding on the midnight train I'm taking everything except my ball and chain  <i>[chorus]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Why Should We Try Anymore|What's the use to deny we've been living a lie That we should have admitted before We were just victims of a half-hearted love So why should we try anymore  The vows that we make are only to break We drift like a wave from the shore The kisses we steal we know are not real So why should we try anymore  The dreams that we knew can never come true They're gone to return no more False love like ours fades with the flowers  So why should we try anymore  Our story's so old again has been told On the past let's close the door And smile don't regret but live and forget There's no use to try anymore|Country
hankwilliams|I Cried Again|Teardrops fell the night you said I love you dear but you are wed I watched you as you held his hand then I turned away and cried again  <i>[CHORUS]</i> I cried again when I reached home There sat your picture all alone I thought of things that might have been I bowed my head and cried again  I took your letters from the shelf Then read aloud just to myself But just before I reached the end I bowed my head and cried again  <i>[CHORUS]</i>  And here's the reason why I say Dear, I must throw your things away For they would only bring me pain And I'd bow my head and cry again  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Wild Side of Life|Well, you wouldn't read my letters if I wrote you You asked me not to call you on the phone There's something I've been waiting for to tell you So I wrote it in the words of this song  You never knew there were honky tonk angels Or you might have known I'd never make a wife You walked out on the only one who ever loved you So I went back to the wild side of life  Now the glamor of the good life always lead me To the places where the wild liquor flows I tried to be your one and only angel But I'm not that kind of angel, heaven knows  I cried so hard the day you went and left me 'Cause some things you said, they cut me like a knife What you wanted was another kind of angel And you should be back to the wild side of life  No, well, I guess I'm just a honky tonk angel I might have known I'd never make a wife Well, you left the only one who ever loved you And I'm back here on the wild side of life  I'm only a honky tonk angel I might have known I'd never make a wife You walked out on the only one who ever loved you And you left me here on the wild side of life|Country
hankwilliams|Something Got a Hold of Me|At first when I heard of some people who claim That the old-time religion was real I said "I'll go down, take a look at the crowd For just that weak-minded I feel."  I walked up the steps and I peeked in the door But the Devil said, "Don't you go in!" But I said, "It won't hurt me I'll just step inside And I'll set as far back as I can."   <i>[CHORUS]</i> Something Got A Hold Of Me (Praise God) Yes Something Got A Hold Of Me (Oh! Lord) I went there to fight, but I'll tell you that night God certainly got a hold of me.  They sang like they meant it, they all clapped their hands I said, "It's commotion, that's all."  "When they get down to pray, I'll just get up and leave For I don't want be seen here at all."  But I bowed that time, he got started to preach And he looked straight down at me He told ev'rybody how mean that I was He didn't talk like he thought much of me.  I sat in my seat just thinkin' it o'er And then they all started to pray The fire fell from Heaven, I fell to the floor I prayed there and God had His way. (For-)  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Too Many Parties and Too Many Pals|Too many parties and too many pals will break your heart someday Too many boyfriends and sociable sals may drive your sweetheart away Gentlemen of the jury the judge's speech began The scene was a crowded courtroom and the judge a stern old man This prisoner here before you is a social enemy A lady of the evening and you know the penalty Her eyes reflect the nightlife her cheeks they're red with paint But I knew her mother gentlemen why her mother was a saint Now I know that she's not like her and yet she might have been If it hadn't been for pettin' parties cigarettes and gin We took the night life off the streets and brought it in our own homes While girls beguiled with lipstick danced to saxophones We opened up the underworld to the ones we loved so well So tell me gentlemen is it right to send her to a cell If she drinks while you taught her and if she smokes you showed her how So gentlemen do you think it's right to condemn her now And when you're in that juryroom just remember there and then That for every fallen woman there's a hundred fallen men And before you render a verdict on what this girl has done Just remember there's a man to blame and that man might be your son Now gentlemen that's my story my testimony stands This girl is my own daughter and the case is in your hands Those Broadway roses and prevalent sounds at too many parties and too many pals|Country
hankwilliams|Beyond the Sunset|Should you go first and I remain to walk the road alone I'll live in mem'ry's garden dear with happy days we've known In spring I'll wait for roses red when fades the lilacs bloom And in early fall when brown leaves fall I'll catch a glimpse of you Should you go first and I remain for battles to be fought Each thing you've touched along the way will be a hallowed spot I'll hear your voice I'll see your smile though blindly I may grope The mem'ry of your helping hand will buoy me on with hope Beyond the sunset oh blissful morning when with our Saviour heaven is begun Earth's toiling ended oh glorious dawning beyond the sunset when day is done  Should you go first and I remain to finish with the scroll No lessening shadows shall ever creep in to make this life seem droll We've known so much of happiness we've had our cup of joy And memory is one gift of God that death cannot destroy I want to know each step you take that I may walk the same For someday down that lonely road you'll hear me call your name Should you go first and I remain one thing I'll have you do Walk slowly down that long long path for soon I'll follow you In that fair homeland we'll know no parting beyond the sunset for evermore|Country
hankwilliams|The Funeral|I was walking in Savannah past a church decayed and dim when slowly through the window came a plaintive funeral hymn With my sympathy awakened and a wonder quickly grew, 'til I found myself envired in a little colored pew.  Out front a colored couple sat and sorrowed yet a while. On the altar was a casket and in the casket was a child. I could picture him while living, curly hair protruding lips,  why I'd seen perhaps a thousand in my hurried southern trips.  Rose a sad, old colored preacher from his little wooden desk with a manner sort of awkward and countenance grotesque. The simplicity and shrewdness in his Ethiopian face, showed the wisdom and ignorance of a crushed, undying race.  And he said, "Now don't be weepin' for this pretty bit of clay, for the little boy who lived there has done gone and run away. He was doing very finely and he appreciates your love,  but his shore 'nough father wanted him in the big house up above.  The Lord didn't give you that baby, by no hundred thousand miles,  he just thought you need some sunshine and he lent it for a while.   And he let you keep and love it til your hearts were bigger grown and these silver tears you're shedding now, is just interest on the loan.  Just think my poor dear mourners creeping long on sorrow's way, what a blessed picnic this here baby got today. Your good fathers and good mothers crowd the little fella round While the angels tend the garden of the big plantation ground.  And his eyes they brightly sparkle at the pretty things he view but a tear came and he whispered, "I want my parents too". Then the Angel's chief musicians teach that little boy a song says if only they be faithful, they'll soon be comin' long.  And so my poor dear mourners let your hearts with Jesus rest and don't go to criticizn' the one what knows the best. He has give us many comforts, he's got the right to take away To the Lord be praise and glory, forever, let us pray.|Country
hankwilliams|Everything's Okay|I went to the country - just the other day To see my Uncle Bill and sorta pass the time away I asked him how he'd been - since last, I'd passed his way He rubbed his chin - here's what he had to say.  "My wife's been sick - the young'ns, too And I'm durn near - down with the flu The cow's gone dry - and them hens won't lay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The hogs took the cholera and they've all done died The bees got mad - and they left the hive The weevils got the corn and the rain rotted the hay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The porch rotted down - that's more expense The durned old mule - he tore down the fence The mortgage is due and - I can't pay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The cow broke in the field and eat up the beans The durn rabbits - they got the turnip greens And my Ma-in-law just moved in to stay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  My land's so poor - so hard and "yeller" You have to set on a sack of fetilizer to raise an "umbreller" And it rains out here - nearly ever' day But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The well's gone dry and I have to tote the water Up from the spring - about a mile and a quarter My helper, he quit - for the lack of pay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The house it leaks - it needs a new top When it rains - it wets ever'thing we got The chimney fell down - just yesterday But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The corn meals gone and the meat's run out Got nothin' to kill to put in the smokehouse The preacher's comin' Sunday - to spend the day But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The canned stuff's spoiled - else the jar's got broke And all we got left is one old Billy goat We're gonna have a new baby about the first of May But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  My crop it rotted - in the ground I asked for another loan but the banker turned me down But - we're still a-livin' and we're prayin' for better days So - after all, ever'thing's in purty good shape."|Country
hankwilliams|When God Dips His Love in My Heart|When God dips His pen of love in my heart And writes my soul the message He wants me to know His spirit all divine fills this sinful soul of mine When God dips His love in my heart  I said I wouldn't tell it to a living soul How He brought salvation when He made me whole But I found I couldn't hide Such love as Jesus did impart  It makes me laugh and it makes me cry Sets my sinful soul on fire When God dips His love in my heart  He walked every step up Calvary's ragged way And He gave His life completely to bring a better day My life was lost in sinned but in love He took me in His blood washed all my sins away  I said I wouldn't tell it to a living soul How He brought salvation when He made me whole But I found I couldn't hide Such love as Jesus did impart  It makes me laugh and it makes me cry Sets my sinful soul on fire When God dips His love in my heart|Country
hankwilliams|Nobody's Lonesome for Me|Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's thinkin' 'bout somebody else But nobody thinks about me When the time rolls around for me to lay down and die I bet I'll have to go and hire me someone to cry Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else nobody is lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's longin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's dreamin' about somebody else But nobody dreams about me All I need is a bride who want's a big-hearted groom I wouldn't care if she come ridin' in on a broom Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's pinin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's crazy 'bout somebody else But nobody's crazy 'bout me Oh, I shined up my shoes and then I slicked down my hair Put on my Sunday suit, but I ain't goin' nowhere Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's yearnin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's fallin' for somebody else But nobody's fallin' for me Now I ain't had a kiss since I fell out of my crib It looks to me like I been cheated out of my rib Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.|Country
hankwilliams|Help Me Understand|<i>[CHORUS]</i> <i>[SUNG]</i> A  little girl prayed at the close of the day,  Cause her daddy had gone far away, On her little face was a look of despair, I stood there and listened, and I heard this prayer My mommie says daddy has brought us to shame And I'm never no more to mention his name Lord take me and lead me and hold to my hand Oh heavenly Father help me understand  <i>[RECITATION]</i> You know friends I wonder-- Just how many homes are broken tonight And just how many tears are shed  By some little word of anger That never should have been said  I'd like to tell you a story  Of a family I once knew. We'll call them Mary and William  And their little daughter Sue  Now Mary was just a plain mother And Bill was just a usual dad And they had their little family quarrels  (like everybody else) But neither one really got mad  Then one day something happened  It was nothing of course But one word led to another  And the last word led to a divorce  Now here were two grown up people Who failed to use common sense They strengthened their own selfish pride  At little Sue's expense  You know she didn't ask to be brought to  this world To drift from pillar to post But a divorce never stops to consider The ones it hurts the most  There's be a lot more honest loving  In this wicked ole world today If just a few parted parents Could hear little Sue say  <i>[SUNG]</i> Take me and lead me and hold to my hand Oh heavenly Father, help me understand|Country
hankwilliams|Dear Brother|Dear Brother, Mama left us this morning Death's angels took her away She's gone to meet Daddy up there in heaven But we'll meet again some day.   She left this world with a smile on her face Whisp'ring the Saviour's name Dear Brother, Mama left us this morning For the city where is no pain.  As I stood by her bedside, those last few moments I lived my childhood again I thought of you Brother and of the old homestead And my tears they fell like rain.|Country
hankwilliams|Low Down Blues|LORD I WENT TO THE DOCTOR, HE TOOK ONE LOOK, HE SAID THE TROUBLE WITH YOU AIN'T IN MY BOOK, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT IT IS BUT IT AIN'T GOOD NEWS, YOU'VE GOT AN AWFUL BAD CASE OF THEM LOW DOWN BLUES.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> I'VE GOT THE MEAN OLD MISERIES IN MY SOUL, I WENT TO THE RIVER, BUT THE WATER'S TOO COLD, I'VE WALKED THE FLOOR 'TILL I'VE WORE OUT MY SHOES, LORD THEY'RE KILLIN' ME, I MEAN THEM LOW DOWN BLUES.  LORD I NEVER KNEW A MAN COULD FEEL SO BAD, I NEVER KNEW LIVIN' COULD BE SO SAD, ALL I DO IS SET AND CRY, LORD I'D HAVE TO GET BETTER, BEFORE I COULD DIE.  <i>[REPEAT CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|There's a Tear in My Beer|There's a tear in my beer  'cause I'm cryin' for you, dear  you are on my lonely mind.  Into these last nine beers  I have shed a million tears.  You are on my lonely mind I'm gonna keep drinkin' until I'm petrified. And then maybe these tears  will leave my eyes. There's a tear in my beer  cause I'm crying' for you dear You are on my lonely mind.  Last night I walked the floor and the night before You are on my lonely mind. It seems my life is through and I'm so doggone blue You are on my lonely mind. I'm gonna keep drinkin' till I can't move a toe and then maybe my heart won't hurt me so. There's a tear in my beer cause I'm cryin' for you dear You are on my lonely mind.  Lord, I've tried and I've tried But my tears I can't hide You are on my lonely mind. All these blues that I've found Have really got me down You are on my lonely mind I'm gonna keep drinkin' till I can't even think Cause in the last week I ain't slept a wink There's a tear in my beer cause I'm crying for you dear You are on my lonely mind.|Country
hankwilliams|A Teardrop on a Rose|While strolling thru a lovely garden As day was drawing to a close... My eyes beheld a tragic story I saw a teardrop on a rose. It should have been a tear of gladness But deep inside the sorrow shows A trusting heart had just been broken I saw a teardrop on a rose. A sobbing tear that follows parting Holds all the pain that sorrow knows A false goodbye a life is shattered There lies a story on a rose. The tear will dry the rose will wither  I loved, I lost, my story ended With just a teardrop on a rose.|Country
hankwilliams|Just Waitin'|The old maid's waitin' for leap year to come The crooner's Just Waitin' to sing The old cow's standin' by the Bull Durham sign Just a-Waitin' for the grass to turn green.  The bar-fly's waitin' for an easy mark 'N' the hitch-hiker's waitin' for a ride The life-termer's waitin' for a prison break The beachcomber's waitin' for the ride. (tide)  Farmer's daughter's waitin' for the salesman To take her into town The city slicker's waitin' for the country boy To lay all his money down.  You know ev'rything comes to a standstill Nothin' seems to make a turn Worm must be waitin' for the early bird I guess the early bird's waitin' for the worm.  Nobody wants to do nothin' Just Waitin' to get a finger in the pie Waitin' for a call from a big quiz show Or hopin' and a-waitin'for some rich uncle to die. (deleted 'and')  Katy, she's waitin' at the garden gate The moonshiner's waitin' at the still 'N' the gambler's still waitin' for that Ace in the hole I guess Jack's still waitin' for Jill.  Ev'rybody's waitin' for som'thin' Nothing seems to turn out right 'Cause the night shift's waitin' for mornin' And the burglar Just Waitin' for night.  The congregation's waitin' for the preacher Preacher Just Waitin' for the groom The groom's Just Waitin' for the June bride And the bride's Just Waitin' for June.  Sunflow'rs waitin' for the sunshine Violets Just Waitin' for dew Bees Just Waitin' for honey And, honey, -- I'm -- Just -- Waitin' -- for -- you.|Country
hankwilliams|The Log Train|If you will listen A song I will sing About my daddy Who ran a log train  Way down in the southland In old Alabam' We lived in a place That they called Chapman Town  And late in the evening When the sun was low Way off in the distance You could hear the train blow  The folks would come runnin' and mama would sing Get the supper on the table Here comes the log train  Every morning At the break day He'd grab his lunch bucket And be on his way  Winter or summer Sunshine or rain Every morning he'd run That old log train  A sweatin' and swearin' All day long Shoutin' get up the oxens Keep movin' along  Load'er up boys 'cause it looks like rain I've got to get rollin' This old log train  This story happened A long time ago The log train is silent God called dad to go  But when I get to heaven To always remain I'll listen for whistle On the old log train|Country
hankwilliams|Fool About You|Like a hog a rootin' up under a fence Like a flop-eared mule that ain't got no sense I've been a fool about you, for way too long I've been a fool about you, but now I'm gonna get gone  We fight and we fuss like a dog and a cat I'll tell you right now I've had enough of that I've been a fool about you, for way too long I've been a fool about you, but I'm gonna get gone  Well, I said I would leave if you didn't change Baby, it's time for me to rearrange I've been a fool about you, for way too long I've been a fool about you, but now I'm gonna get gone  I'm gettin' sick and tired of the same ole bull I'll tell you right now, Lord my bucket's 'bout full I've been a fool about you, for way too long I've been a fool about you, but now I'm gonna get gone|Country
hankwilliams|Rockin' Chair Money|Now I got rockin' chair money But I got it the hard, hard way I fought in every battle From the start to the VJ day And now I'll rock...yeah rock... Oh baby rock...rock on down the line  Now some folks seem to be jealous Some don't seem to care But I got rockin' chair money, honey To rock on away from here Cause I love to rock...yeah rock... Baby, rock, rock on down the line  I rocked away out on the ocean I rocked from here and there My baby stepped out while I was gone Now she don't get my rockin' chair Cause I love to rock, yeah rock Baby, rock, rock on down the line  I'll soon get my big check, baby And then we'll have some fun This rockin' chair money, honey Is better than totin' a gun Cause I love to rock, yeah rock Baby, rock, let's rock on down the line  Now, honey, let's go honky tonkin' Let's honky tonk all night Let's lollygag and smooch and love and do it all up right Cause I love to rock, yeah rock Baby, rock, let's rock on down the line|Country
hankwilliams|Men With Broken Hearts|You'll meet many just like me upon life's busy street With shoulders stooped and heads bowed low and eyes that stare in defeat Or souls that live within the past where sorrow plays all parts Where a living death is all that's left for men with broken hearts You have no right to be the judge to criticize and condemn Just think but for the grace of God it would be you instead of him One careless step a thoughtless deed and then the misery starts And to those who weep death comes cheap these men with broken hearts Oh so humble you should be when they come passing by For it's written that the greatest men never get too big to cry Some lose faith in love and life when sorrow shoots her darts And with hope all gone they walk alone these men with broken hearts You've never walked in that man's shoes or saw things through his eyes Or stood and watched with helpless hands while the heart inside you dies Some were paupers some were kings and some were masters of the arts But in their shame they're all the same these men with broken hearts Life sometimes can be so cruel that a heart will pray for death God why must these living dead know pain with every breath So help your brother along the road no matter where he starts For the God that made you made them too these men with broken hearts|Country
hankwilliams|Howlin' at the Moon|I know there's never been a man in the awful shape I'm in I can't even spell my name, my heads in such a spin To-day I tried to eat a steak with a big old table-spoon You got me chasin' Rabbits, walkin' on my hands ...And Howlin' At The Moon.  Well, I took one look at you and it almost drove me mad And then I even went and lost what little sense I had Now I can't tell the day from night, I'm crazy as a loon You got me chasin' Rabbits, pullin' out my hair and Howlin' At The Moon.  Some friends of mine asked me to go out on a huntin' spree 'Cause there ain't a hound dog in this state that can hold a light to me I eat three bones for dinner today, then tried to tree a 'Coon You got me chasin' Rabbits, scratchin' fleas and Howlin' At The Moon.  I rode my horse to town to day and a gas pump we did pass I pulled 'im up and I hollered WHOA!, said fill 'im up with gas The man picked up a monkey wrench and WHAM!, he changed my tune You got me chasin' Rabbits, spittin' out teeth and Howlin' At The Moon.  I never thought in this old world a fool could fall so hard But honey baby, when I fell the whole world must have jarred I think I'd quit my doggish ways if you'd take me for your groom You got me chasin Rabbits, pickin' out rings and Howlin' At The Moon|Country
hankwilliams|Hey, Good Lookin'|Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me? Hey, sweet baby - don't you think maybe We can find us a brand new recipe?  I got a hot rod Ford, and a two dollar bill And I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancing's free So if you wanna have fun, come along with me  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?  I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about saving all your time for me? No more lookin' - I know I been tookin' Hows about keepin' steady company?  I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence And buy me one for five or ten cents I'll keep it till it's covered with age Cause I'm writin' your name down on every page  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?|Country
hankwilliams|My Heart Would Know|I could say it's over now  That I was glad to see you go I could hate you for theway I'm feelin' My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know  It's a sin to make me cry When you know I love you so  I could tell my heart that I don't miss you My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know  I could give you all the blame But I'm sure the truth would show I could tell this world I've found a new love My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know  I can't fool my cryin' heart 'Cause it knows I need you so I could tell my heart I'm glad we parted My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know|Country
hankwilliams|Cool Water|All day I've faced the barren waste  With out the taste of water... cool, water. Ole Dan and I, with throats burned dry, and souls that cry  for water... cool, clear water.  The nights  are cool and I'm  a fool. Each star's a pool of water...  cool, clear water. And with the dawn I'll wake and yawn  and carry on  to water... cool, clear water.  The shadows sway and seem to say Tonight  we  pray for water....  cool, clear water And way up there He'll hear our prayer and show us where  there's water... cool, clear water.  Keep a-movin' Dan. Don't you listen to him Dan. He's the devil, not a man.  He spreads the burnin' sand with water. Say Dan can't you see that  big green tree, where the water's runnin' free.  It's waiting there for you and me  and water....  cool, clear water.  Dan's feet are sore he's yearnin' for Just one thing more than water....  cool, clear water. Like me I guess he'd like to rest where there's no quest  for water... cool, clear water.|Country
hankwilliams|Tennessee Border|Her eyes were blue, her hair was auburn Her smile was like an angel fair She was her daddy's only daughter On the Tennessee Border  <i>[CHORUS]</i> One night I took a ride just across the line I picked her up in a pickup truck And she broke this heart of mine Her mama said: "No-o, she's my only daughter," But we got married on the Tennessee Border.  The roses were bloomin' there on the Border The moon was shinin' there Her personality made me want her On the Tennessee Border.  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|First Year Blues|Now I've been married about six months, Only six months you see, The first three months, was all OK, But the last three is killin' me, My wife began her hissin', cut down on her kissin', And then she failed to shine my shoes, My shirts they came up wrinkled, My pants with dirt were sprinkled, And then I took the first year blues.  Well then she started naggin', She left the sink a'saggin', With dishes piled up high, No food upon the table, she said if she was able, She'd cook something bye and bye, Then I began to wonder, if I had made a blunder, When I said I do, she must have read my thinkin', Her eyes began to blinkin' and that gal broke in - to.  Well I heard the dishes crashin', and I began to dashin', Gettin' out of sight, for right there was my honey, On who I'd spent my money, turnin' into dy - na -  mite, Then after she'd exploded, her meanness all unloaded, And things began to simmer down, I found myself a'bleedin', and very much a'needin', Of stitches taken all a - round.  Well then she started cryin', I felt myself a'sighin', And then I took her in my arms, I was afraid to scold her, so I just gently told her, She didn't do a bit of harm, Now the first six months is over, and I am much the older, And experienced with a wife, If I can stand the next six, my friends all say I'll be fixed, To take it the rest of my life.|Country
hankwilliams|Swing Wide Your Gate of Love|Swing wide your gate of love, open wide up your heart I knew when I first met you that you'd be my sweetheart Swing wide your gate of love and please don't let me fall I know you're gonna love me after all  <i>[Chorus]</i> Swing wide the gate and leave it open Towards the center of your heart I'll be bound And I'll mend the heart that has been broken I'm not the kind of guy to let you down  So, swing wide your gate of love, open it for me For you are the one I want, my darlin', can't you see Make up your mind to like me and to be my turtledove I love you, so swing wide your gate of love  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  <i>[Repeat last verse]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Dixie Cannonball|I'm  a'headin' back to dixie, That's the place i long to be, Where the cotton grows and the suwanee flows, That's home sweet home to me, Where they meet you and they greet you, With the sweetest how you are, Well shut my mouth, i'm a'headin' south, On the dixie cannon- ball  On the dixie cannonball, on the dixie cannonball, Just listen to the whistle, it'll thrill you one and all, And i know there's some one waitin',  with the sweetest how you are, Well shut my mouth, i'm a'headin' south, on the dixie cannon-ball  When i cross them smokey mountains. i'll be countin' every mile, When the whistle blows, i'll be on my toes, And i'll shuffle down the aisle, And i know i'll not be lonesome, When i see them treetops tall, On the dixie cannon-ball  On the dixie cannonball, on the dixie cannonball, Just listen to the whistle, it'll thrill you one and all, And i know there's some one waitin',  with the sweetest how you are, Well shut my mouth, i'm a'headin' south, on the dixie cannon-ball  Yes, i'm goin' back to dixie, that's the place i long to be, Where the cotton grows and the suwanee flows, That's home sweet home to me, Where they meet you and they greet you, With the sweetest how you are, Well shut my mouth, i'm a'headin' south, On the dixie cannon- ball  On the dixie cannonball, on the dixie cannonball, Just listen to the whistle, it'll thrill you one and all, And i know there's some one waitin',  with the sweetest how you are, Well shut my mouth, i'm a'headin' south, on the dixie cannon-ball|Country
hankwilliams|The Pale Horse and His Rider|Listen poor sinner; you're driftin' away  From the Dear Saviour; who's pleading today What will you do; when the Saviour ain't nigh When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?  The time now ain't long; when the Saviour will come Then you'll be judged; by the deeds you have done On that judgement day; you'll weep and you'll cry When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?  When that trumpet sounds; on the sinners below Not even the angels; in heaven will know Then's when you'll wish; you had Jesus nigh When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?  Won't you redeem; your poor wicked soul You can't pay your way; with Silver and Gold If you're not saved; you'll be lost in the night When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?|Country
hankwilliams|Sundown and Sorrow|Sundown and sorrow have found me Memories are makin' me blue Here with the shadows around me I can't forget lovin' you  Nothing but daydreams to haunt me Dreams that will never come true It's hard to know you don't want me I just can't help lovin' you  Forever, so long I've been yearnin' Wondering what I could do Deep in my heart, there's a burnin' I just can't help lovin' you|Country
hankwilliams|The Old Home|I went to the old home Where I once use to roam And all of my friend's Had everyone gone  How sad, And how drear No voice did I hear There was no one To welcome me home  No one, to welcome me home Oh no, no one, to welcome me home How sad and how drear No voice could I hear There was no one, to welcome me home  I went to the old school Where I once loved to play And all of my playmates Had everyone gone  So lonesome and drear No voice did I hear There was no one To welcome me home  No one, to welcome me home There was no one, to welcome me home But when I behold That mansion of gold There'll be someone, to welcome me home|Country
hankwilliams|California Zephyr|From the Great Salt Lakes of Utah to California's golden shore Colorado and Nevada through the deserts burnin' door While she's circlin' through the canyons, can't you see that mountain stream It's the California Zephyr, the Union Pacific Queen  See her rockin' see her rollin' as she rambles on her way She left LA this mornin' burnin' up the right of way In the distance hear her moanin' hear her lonesome whistle scream It's the California Zephyr, the Union Pacific Queen  She leaves the city of the angels headin' for ole Santa Fe She's a makin' nauts she's makin' time just watch her swing and sway And from way out in the darkness, see that headlight gleam It's the California Zephyr, the Union Pacific Queen  From the Great Salt Lakes of Utah to California's golden shore Colorado and Nevada through the deserts burnin' door While she's circlin' through the canyons, can't you see that mountain stream It's the California Zephyr, the Union Pacific Queen|Country
hankwilliams|Little Paper Boy|Out on the corner standin' so bold Stood a little paper boy so hungry and cold And as the crowd came passin' by These words he said with tears in his eyes  "Please buy a paper from me So I can get me somethin' to eat My clothes are ragged, no shoes on my feet" Said the little paper boy, there on the street  "Out in this cold wide world all alone I have no place on this earth to call home I haven't had the chance that other kids had I have no mother, nor even a dad"  "So please buy a paper from me So I can get me somethin' to eat My clothes are ragged, no shoes on my feet" Said the little paper boy, there on the street  Early next mornin' as the crowd passed by The little boy was gone and they wondered why They started searchin' and then found him dead He died with the papers under his head  No one was there, his body to claim There he was lying but he felt no pain Now he has gone up to Heaven we know The little paper boy who died in the snow  There ya have it, friends|Country
hankwilliams|Calling You|When you've strayed from the fold And  there's trouble in your soul Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour  Callin' You? When your soul is lost in sin And you're at your  journey's end Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? <i>[CHORUS]</i> Callin' You?, (Callin'  You?) Callin' You?, (Callin' You?) Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour  Callin' You? He will take you by the hand Lead you to that  promise land Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? As you journey day by day And temptation  comes your way Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? If you'll  follow in His light He will always guide you right Can't you hear the  Blessed Saviour Callin' You? <i>[CHORUS]</i> When your soul is burdened down And your  friend(s) can not be found Can't you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin'  You? If you'll follow Him each day He will brighten up your way Can't  you hear the Blessed Saviour Callin' You? <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Wealth Won't Save Your Soul|AS WE JOURNEY ALONG, ON LIFE'S WICKED ROAD, SO SELFISH ARE WE, FOR SILVER AND GOLD, YOU CAN TREASURE YOUR WEALTH, YOUR DIAMONDS AND GOLD, BUT MY FRIENDS IT WON'T SAVE, YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.  FOR WHEN GOD CALLS, FROM HIS HOME UP ON HIGH, TO YOUR EARTHLY WEALTH, YOU MUST SAY GOODBYE, THEN IT'S USELESS TO YOU, IF YOU'VE STRAYED FROM THE FOLD, FOR MY FRIEND IT WON'T SAVE YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.  THE RICH MAN LIKE ALL, WILL BE JUDGED AT THAT TIME, BUT ALL OF HIS WEALTH, WILL BE LEFT BEHIND. FOR NO MATTER HOW MUCH EARTHLY WEALTH YOU GET HOLD, WELL MY FRIEND IT WON'T SAVE, YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.  WHEN THE WORLD IS ON FIRE, ON THAT JUDGEMENT DAY, FOR ALL OF OUR WRONGS, THEN WE MUST PAY, BUT THE DEBT CAN'T BE PAID, WITH SILVER AND GOLD, NO FRIENDS IT WON'T SAVE, YOUR POOR WICKED SOUL.|Country
hankwilliams|A Home in Heaven|Around me many are building Homes of beauty and wealth But what of a home in Heaven Where will you live after death  Are you building a Home in Heaven To live in when this life is o'er Will you move to that beautiful city And live with Christ ever more.  Long is the road that leads you To that beautiful home up there Is work on your home completed Death may be lingering near.  Are you ready for His coming Have you been true all along Have you finished your building in Glory Will you move to this Heavenly Home.|Country
hankwilliams|Pictures From Life's Other Side|In the world's mighty gallery of pictures Hang the scenes that're painted from life There's pictures of love and of passion And there's pictures of keys and of strife  There hung pictures of youth and of beauty Of old age and a blushing young bride They all hung on the wall but the saddest of all Are the pictures from life's other side  Just a picture from life's other side Someone has fell by the way A life has gone out with the tide That might have been happy some day  There's a poor old mother at home She's watching and waiting alone Just longing to hear from a loved one so dear Just a picture from life's other side  The first scene is that of a gambler Who had lost all of his money at play And he drowses dead mother's ring from his finger Which she wore long ago on her wedding day  It's his last earthly treasure but he stakes it Then bows his head that his shame he might hide But when they lifted his head they found he was dead That's just a picture from life's other side  Now the last scene is that by the river Of a heartbroken mother and baby As the harbor lights shine and they shiver On an outcast, soon no one will save  And yet she was once a true woman She was somebody's darling and pride God help her she leaps, oh there's no one to weep It's just a picture from life's other side|Country
hankwilliams|I Dreamed About Mama Last Night|I've just been to heaven with someone so true I dreamed about mama last night She read me the Bible like she used to do I dreamed about mama last night She never close her eyes to sleep till we were all in bed And on party nights when we come home she often sat and read We little thought about it then for we were young and gay Just how much mama worried when we children were away We only knew she never slept when we were out at night That she waited just to know that we'd all come home alright Why sometimes when we'd stay away till one or two or three It seemed to us that mama heard the turnin' of the key For always when we'd step aside she'd call and we'd reply But we were all too young back then to understand the reason why Until the last one had returned she'd always keep a light For mama couldn't sleep until she kissed us all goodnight She had to know that we were safe before she went to rest She seemed to fear that the world might harm the ones that she loved the best And once she told me when you're grown to women and to men Perhaps I'll sleep the whole night through I may be different then And so it seemed that night and day we knew a mother's care That always when we got back home we'd find her waitin' there Then came the night that we were called together round her bed The children're all with you now the kindly doctor said And in her eyes the gleam again that old time tender light That told that she's just been waitin' to know that we were alright She smiled that old familiar smile and prayed to God to keep Her children safe from harm throughout the years tand then she went to sleep My dream is a treasure that I'll always keep I dreamed about mama last night|Country
hankwilliams|I'd Still Want You|I could shame you 'til you hide your face And drag you right down in disgrace But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  I could tell the world you're doin' wrong That I was stringin' you along And if it all were true I know I'd still want you.  The world with me might sympathize When I got thru with all my lies But I'd be just as blue 'Cause my heart would still want you-ooo-oo  Cry, oh, lord.  I could tell my friends I threw you down And slander your name all over town But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  If I said I'm happy to be free The only one I'd fool is me Because it isn't true I know I'd still want you.  What's the use to say that you're no good When I'd crawl back if I could No matter what you do I know I'd still want you-ooo-oo Cry, oh, lord.  I could smile and say that I don't care And then go home and pull my hair But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  I could say that someone put me wise         And get revenge by telling lies But when I got all thru I know I'd still want you.  If the things I said was to break your heart I'd be the first to take your part 'Cause if all these lies were true I know I'd still want you-oooo-oo Cry, oh, lord.|Country
hankwilliams|When God Comes and Gathers His Jewels|The ceremony was over A lad stood alone in tears For he had just said goodbye To the one he had loved thru the years.  He stood all alone with his head bowed down As though his heart would break Then the Parson came over and took his hand And to him these words he did say.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> When God comes and gathers his jewels All his treasures of diamonds and gold You'll meet her up there in heaven so fair When God comes and gathers his jewels. <i>[Substitute I'll meet her.....on last chorus]</i>  Each night when the pale moon is shining You can see this lad all alone With his eyes lifted to'ard heaven He's repeating these words he was told.  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Pan American|I have heard your stories about your fast trains But now I'll tell you about one all the southern folks have seen She's the beauty of the southlands listen to that whistle scream It's that Pan American on her way to New Or-leans.  She leaves Cincinnati headin' down that Dixie line When she passes that Nashville tower you can hear that whistle whine Stick your head out the window and feel that southern breeze your on that Pan American on her way to New Or-leans.  Ohio and Kentucky Tennessee and Alabam, the delta state of  Mississippi, she's Louisina Bound, of the trains in the southland  this one is the queen, all the way from Cincinnati down to New Orleans.  If your ever in the south lands and want to see the scenes Just get your self a ticket on that Pan American Queen Louiville Nashville Montgomery the cap'tal of Ala-bam You pass right through then all when your New Orleans bound.  She leaves Cincinnati headin' down that Dixie line When she passes that Nashville tower you can hear that whistle whine Stick your head out the window and feel that southern breeze your on that Pan American on her way to New Or-leans.|Country
hankwilliams|I'd Still Want You|I could shame you 'til you hide your face And drag you right down in disgrace But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  I could tell the world you're doin' wrong That I was stringin' you along And if it all were true I know I'd still want you.  The world with me might sympathize When I got thru with all my lies But I'd be just as blue 'Cause my heart would still want you-ooo-oo  Cry, oh, lord.  I could tell my friends I threw you down And slander your name all over town But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  If I said I'm happy to be free The only one I'd fool is me Because it isn't true I know I'd still want you.  What's the use to say that you're no good When I'd crawl back if I could No matter what you do I know I'd still want you-ooo-oo Cry, oh, lord.  I could smile and say that I don't care And then go home and pull my hair But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  I could say that someone put me wise         And get revenge by telling lies But when I got all thru I know I'd still want you.  If the things I said was to break your heart I'd be the first to take your part 'Cause if all these lies were true I know I'd still want you-oooo-oo Cry, oh, lord.|Country
hankwilliams|I'm Sorry for You My Friend|You've known so long that you were wrong But still you had your way You told her lies and alibis And hurt her more each day But now your conscience bothers you You've reached your journey's end You're asking me for sympathy I'm Sorry For You, My Friend.  You laughed inside each time she cried You tried to make her blue She tagged along through right and wrong Because she worshipped you You know that you're the one to blame There's no use to pretend Today's the day you start to pay I'm Sorry For You, My Friend.  Today as she walked arm in arm At someone else's side It made you stop and realize That time has turned the tide You should have known you'd be alone 'Cause cheaters never win You tried and lost, now pay the cost I'm Sorry For You, My Friend.|Country
hankwilliams|Let's Turn Back the Years|Darling let's turn back my years and go back to yesterday Let's pretend that time has stopped and I didn't go away We had our love to make us happy it wasn't meant to bring us tears Love like ours should never die so darling let's turn back the years <i>[ steel - guitar ]</i> We had our love to make us happy...|Country
hankwilliams|Window Shopping|You're Window Shoppin' Just Window Shoppin' You're only lookin' around You're not buyin' You're just tryin' To find the best deal in town.   You give away your kisses But you never give your heart To anyone who's fool enough to fall ... You don't feel love You don't want real love You're Window Shoppin' that's all.  <i>[Repeat both verses]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Fly Trouble|DID YOU EVER SIT STRAIGHT UP IN BED  WITH SOMETHIN' A CIRCLIN' ROUND YA HEAD  AN YA SWAT AT IT AS IT WIZZES BY  AND IT'S JUST ONE PESKY LITTLE FLY  YOU SHAKE YA HEAD AN TWITCH YA NOSE  AND SETTLE DOWN TO SWEEP YA FLOORS AND WHEN YA JUST ABOUT TO DOSE...FLY TROUBLE  <i>[CHORUS]</i> BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ GOES THAT BUSY LITTLE FLY  BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ HE'S TAKIN OFF AN HIDE  YOU ROLL THE PAPER UP NICE AND TIGHT  AND WAIT AROUND FOR HIM TO LIGHT  BUT THEIRS A FLY THAT'S A LIVEN RIGHT BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ  <i>[BAND PLAYS]</i>  NOW THE TOUGHEST HIDE GROWS ON A MULE  CAUSE HE'S A BULKY STUBORN FOOL HE LIKES TO LOOK AT YU AND GLARE  AN NEVER EVEN MOVE A HAIR  BUT WHEN HIS MUSCLES START TO TWITCH  AN WHEN HIS TAIL BEGINS TO SWISH THAT MULE AIN'T BOTHERED WITH AN ITCH...FLY TROUBLE  <i>[CHORUS]</i> BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ GOES THAT BUSY LITTLE PEST  BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ THAT MULE CAN'T GET NO REST  HE SHAKES HIS HEAD AN BATS HIS EYE AN KICKS HIS HEELS UP TO THE SKY DID YOU EVER SEE A JASS ACK CRY BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ  <i>[BAND PLAYS]</i>  NOW YOU PICK A PERFECT NIGHT IN JUNE WHEN FLOWERS ARE BLOOMIN BENEATH THE MOON  AND YA LIGHT OF LOVE IS SHININ' BRIGHT  AN YOU TELL YA SELF TONIGHTS THE NIGHT  YA BRACE YA SELF AN YA COURAGE GROWS AN ON YA KNEES WHERE YOU WOULD PROPOSE WHEN SOMETHIN BIGHTS YOU ON THE NOSE...FLY TROUBLE   <i>[CHORUS]</i> BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ GOES THAT BUSY LITTLE THING  BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ YOU SWAT AN LOOSE THE RING  YOU FAN THE AIR AS HE GOES BY AN STICK YA FINGER IN YOUR EYE HIT EVERYTHING EXCEPT THAT FLY BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ|Country
hankwilliams|Be Careful of Stones That You Throw|<i>[CHORUS]</i> A tongue can accuse and carry bad news The seeds of distrust, it will sow But unless you've made no mistakes in your life Be careful of stones that you throw.  <i>[SPOKEN]</i> A neighbor was passing my garden one time She stopped and I knew right away  That it was gossip, not flowers, she had on her mind  And this is what I heard my neighbor say:  "That girl down the street should be run from our midst She drinks and she talks quite a lot  She knows not to speak to my child or to me." My neighbor then smiled and I thought:  <i>[CHORUS]</i>  <i>[SPOKEN]</i> A car speeded by and the screamin' of brakes A sound that made my blood chill For my neighbor's one child had been pulled from the path And saved by a girl lying still.  The child was unhurt and my neighbor cried out: "Oh! who was that brave girl so sweet?"       I covered the crushed, broken body and said: "The bad girl who lived down the street."  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Please Make Up Your Mind|When I agree with you baby it makes you mad and when I don't it makes you sad When I argue back you pack and leave and when I don't you pout in grieve There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do You say get out and I'd better stay gone Then you have a big policeman drag me back home You holler good and loud put him in the calaboose Then you cry and ask the judge won't you please turn him loose The good Lord only knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do My life with you baby has been one hard knock Lord my head looks like an old chop block And I'll tell you right now honey that ain't all You done kicked me till I feel like a used football There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do You knock me down and then you pick me up Honey do you have to love so doggone rough I wish to my soul you'd slow down the pace Cause I tell you right now the hide's gettin' sca'ce There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do Why when I married you, you were such a meek little thing But honey among tigers you'd be queen If a poor little rabbit had you on his side Every hound in the country would crawl off and hide There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind  What in the confounded cat hair you want me to do|Country
hankwilliams|I'm Satisfied With You|You don't dress up in satin, You don't wear diamond rings, But I'm satisfied with you. You look just like an angel but you haven't got wings, But I'm satisfied with you.  I'd rather have you just the way that you are Than change you for somebody new. Maybe I could do better if I reached for a star, But I'm satisfied with you.  You're not made out of candy But you're as sweet as you can be So I'm satisfied with you. I just can't see no reason why you bother with me, But I'm satisfied with you.  I often wonder if it's all a mistake; It's hard to believe that it's true. But If I'm only dreaming, I sure don't want to wake, 'Cause I'm satisfied with you.  I'm satisfied with you.|Country
hankwilliams|On the Banks of the Old Pontchartrain|I traveled from Texas to old Louisanne Through valleys, o'er mountains and plains Both footsore and weary I rested awhile On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  The fairest young maiden that I ever saw Passed by as it started to rain We both found a shelter beneath the same tree On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  We hid from the shower an hour or so She asked me how long I'd remain I told her that I'd spend the rest of my days On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  I just couldn't tell her that I ran away From jail on a West Texas plain I prayed in my heart I would never be found On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  Then one day a man put his hand on my arm And said I must go west again I left her alone without saying goodbye On the banks of the old Pontchartrain.  Tonight as I sit here alone in my cell I know that she's waiting in vain I'm hoping and praying someday to return On the banks of the old Pontchartrain|Country
hankwilliams|Rootie Tootie|Met my future wife today And her name is Kathy Mae Rootie Tootie, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Sunday gal.  Feelin' dandy, doin' swell My gal is the village bell Hotsy-totsy (Rootie Tootie) Super-duper (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Monday gal.  You should see the people stare When we walk around the square Bouncy-bouncy, (Rootie Tootie) Upsy-daisy, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Tuesday gal.  I'm not jealous, no siree Just as long as she's with me Wicky-wacky, (Rootie Tootie) Humpty-dumpty, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Wednesday gal.  She's got "purty" eyes of blue And she thinks I'm "purty", too Tootsie-wootsie, (Rootie Tootie) Hunky-dory, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Thursday gal.  Gonna make that lady mine When she signs that dotted line Hinky-dinky, (Rootie Tootie) Yipsy-doodle, (Rootie Tootie) Rootie Tootie, she's my Friday gal.|Country
hankwilliams|Happy Rovin' Cowboy|Hear my song as I ride along I'm a Happy Rovin' Cowboy Herdin' the dark clouds out of the sky Keepin' the heavens blue  No where to go nothing to do I'm a happy rovin' cowboy Let me ride that long trail down to the end Where the skies are always blue  I ain't got a dime I'm just spendin' my time I'm a Happy Rovin' Cowboy Let me sing my song till they call me home To the land beyond the blue|Country
hankwilliams|I Can't Get You Off of My Mind|<i>[Chorus]</i> Oh, I can't get you off of my mind When I try I'm just wastin' my time Lord I've tried and I've tried And all night long I've cried But I can't get you off of my mind.  Didn't think you would leave me behind  But I guess you're the two-timin' kind Do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart When I can't get you off of my mind.  <i>[Chorus]</i>  You believe that a true love is blind So you fool ev'ry new love you find You've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies Oh, I can't get you off my mind.  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|My Sweet Love Ain't Around|Listen to the rain a-fallin' Can't you hear that lonesome sound Oh, my poor old heart is breakin' 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  Lord, I think I'll start to ramble Got to leave this weary town This old place is way too lonely 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  On that train tonight I'm leavin' And don't ask me where I'm bound I can't stay here any longer 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  Memories come back to haunt me My dream house has done fell down This old world is dark around me 'Cause my sweet love ain't around  Something tells me that I'm losing 'Cause these weary blues I've found Oh, my baby left this morning Lord, my sweet love ain't around|Country
hankwilliams|The Blues Come Around|Once I was happy as I could be But I let a gal make a fool of me And ever since she let me down The blues come around when the sun goes down  <i>[Chorus]</i> Oh, the blues come around Oh the blues come around Lawd, the blues come around Ev'ry evenin' when the sun goes down  As long as the sun is in the sky These doggone blues never make me cry But ever since she left this town The blues come around when the sun goes down  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  I built my castles very high And then she went and said goodbye And ever since she tore 'em down The blues come around when the sun goes down  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>  Once she called me all her own But now she's gone and I'm alone And ever evenin' I'm sorrow bound 'Cause the blues come around when the sun goes down  <i>[Repeat chorus]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Freight Train Blues|I was born in Dixie in a boomer's shack Just a little old shanty by a railroad track The hummin' of the drivers was my lullaby And a freight train whistle taught me how to cry  I've got the freight train blues, lordy, lordy, lordy Got 'em in the bottom of my ramblin' shoes And when that whistle blows, I've gotta go Oh, lordy guess I'm never gonna lose The mean old freight train blues  Now my Pappy was a fireman and my Mammy dear Was the only daughter of an engineer My sister married a brakeman and it ain't no joke Now it's a shame the way she keeps a good man broke  I've got the freight train blues, lordy, lordy, lordy Got 'em in the bottom of my ramblin' shoes And when that whistle blows, I've gotta go Oh, lordy guess I'm never gonna lose The mean old freight train blues|Country
hankwilliams|A Mansion on the Hill|Tonight down here in the valley I'm lonesome and O how I feel As I sit here alone in my cabin I can see your mansion on the hill  Do you recall when we parted The story to me you revealed You said you could live without loving In your loveless mansion on the hill  I've waited all through the years love To give you a heart true and real Cause I know you're living in sorrow In your loveless mansion on the hill  The light shine bright from yer window The trees stand so silent and still I know you're alone with your pride dear In your loveless mansion on the hill|Country
hankwilliams|I'll Be a Bachelor 'Til I Die|I'll take you to the picture show and, babe, I'll hold your hand I'll sit up in your parlor, let you cool me with your fan I'll listen to your troubles and pet you when you cry But get that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die  I done my honky tonkin' 'round if that will bring you fun But somehow, I can't understand how one and one makes one I like to cuddle near you and listen to you lie But get that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die  Now, if you want a help, mate, you're just wasting lots of time 'Cause I'm afraid of church bells, how they scare me when they chime I've seen those married people just up and say goodbye So keep that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die  This freedom's mighty precious in this land of liberty I've seen what matrimony done to better men than me I don't mind keepin' company with the apple of my eye But keep that marryin' out of your head, I'll be a bachelor till I die|Country
hankwilliams|There'll Be No Teardrops Tonight|I'll pretend I'm free from sorrow  Make believe that wrong is right  Your wedding day will be tomorrow  But there'll be no teardrops tonight.   Why, oh why - should you desert me  Are you doin' this for spite  If you only want to hurt me  Then there'll be no teardrops tonight.   I'll believe that you still love me  When you wear your veil of white  But you think that you're above me  So there'll be no teardrops tonight.   Shame, oh shame - for what you're doin'  Other arms will hold you tight  You don't care whose life you ruin  But there'll be no teardrops tonight.|Country
hankwilliams|San Antonio Rose|<i>[Spoken intro:]</i> Hi, neighbors, this is our new album And we've chosen songs from the great Bob Wills Who is a legend As far as we in the business are concerned And I know, people across the United States You know, we finally call him the "Old Man" Because to us, that's just what he is You'll always know him by the lonesome fiddle The white hat, the high-heeled boots The cigar smoke, and some of these wonderful songs We hope you like our version of 'em As we pay tribute to one of the greatest of all time Bob Wills   Deep within my heart lies a melody A song of old San Antone Where in dreams I live with a memory Beneath the stars all alone  It was there I found beside the Alamo Enchantment strange as the blue up above A moonlit path that only she would know Still hears my broken song of love  Moon in all your splendor knows only my heart Call back my Rose, Rose of San Antone Lips so sweet and tender like petals fallin' apart Speak once again of my love, my own  Broken song, empty words I know Still live in my heart all alone And that moonlit pass BY the Alamo And Rose, my Rose of San Antone  <i>[Repeat last two verses]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|I'm Not Coming Home Any More|When you get home there you will find This letter dear that I have wrote to you And when you read it oe'r Till then you'll understand Why I'm not coming home anymore  Oh there ain't no use to cry Because we're saying goodbye We have discussed that oe'r and oe'r So you go your way to you may life be kind For I'm not coming home anymore  Darling we were so happy and had a happy home The baby we were so proud of you But then you went astray I'll never forget that day For him to know I'd much rather be dead  When from you I'm far away  I'll long for you each day  The baby I will miss him so But from you I will go For it's all over so I'm not coming home anymore  Oh there ain't no use to cry Because we're saying goodbye We have discussed that oe'r and oe'r So you go your way to you may life be kind For I'm not coming home anymore|Country
hankwilliams|I Ain't Gonna Love You Any More|No need for you to set alone, just waiting by your telephone Cause I ain't gonna call you any more. Oh I gave you love and you broke my heart, And you cheated on me from the start. And now I ain't gonna love you anymore.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> I mean I ain't gonna love you anymore, I know I couldn't love you as before. So I'm gonna tell you goodbye, Don't mind these tears there in my eyes Cause I ain't gonna love you anymore  My darlin' I just worship you, and look what you have loved me thru. You left me with a heart so sick and sore. Oh you're the one that was unfair, It wasn't in you to play square. And now I ain't gonna love you anymore.  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Won't You Sometimes Think of Me|Though our paths in life have parted  You no longer care for me but when you're happy with another  Won't you sometimes think of me  When the evenin' sun is sinking  down behind the trees and the moon is slowly rising  Won't you sometimes think of me  I'll always keep your picture it means so much to me And every night I'll pray dear that  You'll sometimes think of me  Think of days that are gone dear  days we could recall if you would only try dear  But still you blame me for all  When the evenin' sun is sinking  down behind the trees and the moon is slowly rising  Won't you sometimes think of me  All I can say's I tried dear  But you wouldn't let it be So if you're ever sad and lonely Won't you sometimes think of me  When the evenin' sun is sinking  down behind the trees and the moon is slowly rising  Won't you sometimes think of me|Country
hankwilliams|Why Should I Cry|Why should I cry, I never done you wrong I kept my vows you left me all alone You told me you loved me, you told me a lie Why should I pay, tell me why should I cry  You knew I worshipped you, right from the start I gave you my love, never thought that we'd part You didn't care enough, to even say goodbye Why should I pay, tell me why should I cry  You know I miss you, now that you're gone Life can be sad when you're livin' all alone But darlin' I'll forget you, your memory will die Why should I pay, tell me why should I cry|Country
hankwilliams|I Watched My Dream World Crumble Like Clay|I built a dream world darlin' for two Built it on hope and the love I thought was true But I've seen my blue skies all turn to gray I watched my dream world crumble like clay  We were so happy, darlin' we two But then you changed dear, you found someone new I saw all the joys of life fade far away I watched my dream world crumble like clay  You promised darlin' that we'd never part But now you've gone dear, breakin' my heart I saw saw your love dear, fade and die away I watched my dream world crumble like clay|Country
hankwilliams|I Told a Lie to My Heart|I told my heart I didn't love you That I'd be happy if we'd part But now I know I was mistaken I Told A Lie To My Heart.  I told my heart I didn't love you Now we'll forever be apart Lonely years of tears and sorrow I Told A Lie To My Heart.  If we sin somehow we pay And now the bitter teardrops start I must learn to live without you I Told A Lie To My Heart.  I told my heart I didn't love you That I'd be happy if we'd part Lonely years of tears and sorrow I Told A Lie To My Heart.|Country
hankwilliams|Mother Is Gone|In a little pine grove by the old home There's someone who's restin' alone  And there on the the tomb, these words I read The words were Mother is gone.   <i>[CHORUS]</i> Mother is gone, to her home Way up in heaven above And my heart's so sad, for the words I read there The words said Mother is gone.  As I stood alone, with mem'ries of home The place I left long, long ago I returned home, but I waited too long For the words said, Mother is gone.  My friends did say, before she went away She called my name o'er and o'er So trustin' in God's love, I'll meet her above Over there on that other shore.  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|In My Dreams You Still Belong to Me|Now at last you've gone and left me Like a piece of driftwood on the sea You said that you no longer loved me But in my dreams you still belong to me  In my dreams you're still my only darlin' Just like you used to be And tho I've lost you to another In my dreams you still belong to me  At night when I am sad and lonely It's then I really know you're gone But I just go to sleep praying That you'll be back before so long  No matter where you wander, darlin' If it be across the deep blue sea Everyday you'll know I'll miss you And in my dreams you'll still belong to me  In my dreams you're still my only darlin' Just like you used to be And tho I lost you to another In my dreams you still belong to me|Country
hankwilliams|We're Getting Closer to the Grave Each Day|Oh don't you know that Jesus died to wash your sins away Please heed His call and in sin don't fall We're getting closer to the grave each day They nailed his hands there on the cross On His head the thorns did lay Be prepared to go, there's one thing I know We're getting closer to the grave each day Sinner man won't you stop now and pray Leave the road of sin alone Let Jesus lead you home We're getting closer to the grave each day|Country
hankwilliams|I'm So Tired of It All|All my life I've been so lonesome  If happpiness came, I missed the call All my dreams have died and vanished And now I'm So Tired Of It All.  In life and love, I've been a failure Too many tears thru it all Too many broken vows and promises And now I'm So Tired Of It All.  Ev'ry thing I loved, I lost, dear Too many times I've watched my castles fall My life is full of regretting And now I'm So Tired Of It All.  From this world I'll soon be goin' No one will miss me, after all Up there, I pray I'll find contentment But now I'm So Tired Of It All|Country
waylonjennings|Hangin' On|It's true you have me twisted round your finger And it seems that's where I belong You know how to hold me, to thrill me and control me Just enough to keep me hangin' on.  For now, tomorrow and forever I guess I'm tied to you right or wrong My love keeps a growing 'cause your love keeps a showing Just enough to keep me hangin' on.  A love that's strong as mine Will make me do most anything Like hiding tears and heartaches And dreaming silly dreams.  You've got me where you want me You keep stringing me along Just enough to keep me hangin' on. Just enough to keep me hangin' on...|Rock
hankwilliams|Mind Your Own Business|If the wife and I are fussin', brother that's our right 'Cause me and that sweet woman's got a license to fight Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business 'Cause if you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine  Oh, the woman on our party line's the nosiest thing She picks up her receiver when she knows it's my ring Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business Well, if you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine  I got a little gal that wears her hair up high The boys all whistle when she walks by Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business Well, if you mind your business, you sure won't be minding mine  If I want to honky tonk around 'til two or three Now, brother that's my headache, don't you worry 'bout me Just mind your own business Mind your own business If you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine  Mindin' other people's business seems to be high-toned I got all that I can do just to mind my own Why don't you mind your own business Mind your own business If you mind your own business, you'll stay busy all the time|Country
waylonjennings|Julie|When I married Julie She was just seventeen Pretty as the answer To any man's dream.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  From the start I gave Julie All the love that I've had Though everyone told me That Julie was bad.  Julie liked parties And clothes that fit tight Drinking and dancin' Around late at night.  She was everything evil With the face of a child But I sat home and waited While my Julie went wild.  I had built me an empire With my own two hands With the money and power To break any man.  But with all my possessions, Power and gold Julie was one thing I couldn't control.  I gave Julie All my money could buy Begged her to love me But she wouldn't try.  She'd only laugh Then walk out the door Each time she'd hurt me Made me love her more.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Now I'm locked in this room They say I'm insane And I guess that I'll never See my Julie again.  I'm a man with a heart And a tormented soul And the mind that Julie Drove out of control...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Crowd|I go out with the crowd, I play the game Pretending out loud but it don't seem the same For the heart of the crowd is gone from sight And my part of the crowd is not with me tonight.  I remember the times, each dance with you All those crazy things that we used to do Sometimes we'd wait for the dance and then steal away From the crowd and the dance till I hide away.  Oh, but you're gone and it's not the same old game I fall apart everytime I hear your name I'll go on with the crowd of make believe Till you come back to me.  Run back to me Hurry back to the crowd and me...|Rock
hankwilliams|Wedding Bells|I have the invitation that you sent me You wanted me to see you change your name I couldn't stand to see you wed another But dear I hope you're happy just the same  Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel That should be ringing out for you and me Down the aisle with someone else you're walking Those wedding bell will never ring for me  I planned a little cottage in the valley I even bought a little band of gold I thought some day I'd place it on your finger But now the future looks so dark and cold  Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel I hear the children laughing out with glee At home alone I hang my head in sorrow Those wedding bells will never ring for me  I fancy that I see a bunch of roses A blossom from an orange tree in your hair And while the organ plays I love you truly Please let me pretend that I am there  Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel Ever since the day you set me free I knew someday that you would wed another But wedding bells will never ring for me|Country
waylonjennings|Let Me Talk to You|Just one more dance Just one more chance So I can talk to you We've both have paid Don't be afraid Just let me try to prove I would do anything You want me to.  Just one more dance Just one more chance Let me talk to you Don't go too far. With that crowd at the bar That's not the way to win  Let's fall in love again Give me your heart  And let me start  To build our life anew.  Just one more dance  Just one more chance  Let me talk to you Just one more dance  Just one more chance  Let me talk to you...|Rock
hankwilliams|I've Just Told Mama Goodbye|Each year on Mother's day The rose I wore was red But today I'm saying my first prayer Mama's lying on her dying bed.  I've just told Mama goodbye Mother's day has turned to night Like the flowers in May, she withered away And my red rose is turning white.  This is the dreaded hour We all must face someday Yet there's consolation in my heart She will bloom in the Master's bouquet.  Her time has come to go And there's nothing I can do Only hold her hand and say goodbye Mama's day with her children is through.  I've just told Mama goodbye And knelt beside her bed I heard her say, "I'll meet you someday, Where the white roses turn to red."|Country
hankwilliams|A House Without Love|For years we both have lived on pride, dear And we agree that love is gone Why, oh why do we keep tryin' A House Without Love is not a home.    The lovelight in your eyes has faded And I'm contented just to roam We slaved to gain a worthless treasure A House Without Love is not a home.  No matter where our footsteps wander I know we'll both be all alone With the pride that came between us A House Without Love is not a home.    The simple things have gone forever We wanted wealth to call our own And now we've reached the hour of parting A House Without Love is not a home.|Country
waylonjennings|Woman, Don't You Ever Laugh at Me|Yes, I guess I let you make a fool of me So I'll just go my foolish way and let you be But if you should find some human in my misery All I ask is, please don't laugh, Woman don't you ever laugh at me.  All I expect is your respect For the pride inside of me All I ask is please don't laugh Woman, don't you ever laugh at me.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I guess I was just a joke to you right from the start And the biggest live fool of all those when I gave my heart Now it's past you don't jest it affects my sanity All I ask is please don't laugh Woman, don't you ever laugh at me.  All I expect is your respect For the pride inside of me All I ask is please don't laugh Woman, don't you ever laugh at me.  Uhuh woman, don't you ever laugh at me...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Chokin' Kind|I only meant to love you don't you know it babe Why couldn't you be contented with the love I gave I've given you my heart and now you want my mind Your love scares me to death girl it's the chokin' kind.  You can kill a man with bullets poison or a knife But it hurts him more to take his pride and run his life Whatever it is you want girl I hope you find But that hat don't fit my head it's the chokin' kind.  When you fall in love again girl take a tip from me If you don't like the peaches walk on by the tree Find what you want and keep it treat it sweet and kind But let it breathe don't make your love the chokin' kind...|Rock
waylonjennings|Gentle on My Mind|It's knowing that your door is always open and your path is free to walk That makes me tend to leave my sleeping bag rolled up and stashed behind your couch And it's knowing I'm not shacked by forgotten words and bons And the ink stains that have dried upon some line That keeps you in the back roads by the rivers of my mem'ry Keeps you ever gentle on my mind It's not clinging to the rocks and I'd be planted on their columns now that binds me Or something that somebody said because they thought we fit together walkin' It's just knowing that the world will not be cursin' or forgivin' When I walk along some railroad track and find That you're movin' on the back roads by the rivers of my mem'ry And for hours you're just gentle on my mind Though the wheet fields and the clothes lines And the junk yards and the highways come between us And some other woman 's cryin' to her mother cause she turned and I was gone I still might run in silence tears of joy might stain my face And the summer sun might burn me till I'm blind But not to where I cannot see you walking on the back roads By the rivers flowing gentle on my mind I dipped my cup of soap back from a gurglin' cracklin' caltron in some train yard My beard a roughen coal pile and a dirty hat pulled low across my face Through cupped hands round a tin can I pretend to hold you to my breast and find That you're waving from the back roads by the rivers of my mem'ry Ever you're just gentle on my mind|Rock
hankwilliams|Why Should We Try Anymore|What's the use to deny we've been living a lie That we should have admitted before We were just victims of a half-hearted love So why should we try anymore  The vows that we make are only to break We drift like a wave from the shore The kisses we steal we know are not real So why should we try anymore  The dreams that we knew can never come true They're gone to return no more False love like ours fades with the flowers  So why should we try anymore  Our story's so old again has been told On the past let's close the door And smile don't regret but live and forget There's no use to try anymore|Country
waylonjennings|Right Before My Eyes|You do the things that hurt me So right before my eyes Just because I love you so I overlook your lies.  Let you make a fool of me Yes, that's what I'll always be 'Cause I pretend not to see What's right before my eyes.  Everyone keeps telling me What's right before my eyes Love is blind and I can't see What's right before my eyes.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I can't make myself believe What's right before my eyes I thought your love belonged to me But now I realize.  You couldn't care and act this way There's nothing I can do or say Just watch my dream will fade away Right before my eyes.  Everyone keeps telling me What's right before my eyes Love is blind and I can't see What's right before my eyes...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lock, Stock and Teardrops|Someday I won't come running when you call The way you hurt me it's a wonder I'm still here at all Someday you'll wake up and you'll find yourself alone Lock, stock and teardrops I'll be gone.  I can't go on the way you make me live Make me cry and every time expect me to forgive Someday you'll wake up to a cold and lifted dawn Lock, stock and teardrops I'll be gone.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Someday I'll wake up find me strenght and move along Lock, stock and teardrops I'll be gone. Lock, stock and teardrops I'll be gone...|Rock
hankwilliams|Too Many Parties and Too Many Pals|Too many parties and too many pals will break your heart someday Too many boyfriends and sociable sals may drive your sweetheart away Gentlemen of the jury the judge's speech began The scene was a crowded courtroom and the judge a stern old man This prisoner here before you is a social enemy A lady of the evening and you know the penalty Her eyes reflect the nightlife her cheeks they're red with paint But I knew her mother gentlemen why her mother was a saint Now I know that she's not like her and yet she might have been If it hadn't been for pettin' parties cigarettes and gin We took the night life off the streets and brought it in our own homes While girls beguiled with lipstick danced to saxophones We opened up the underworld to the ones we loved so well So tell me gentlemen is it right to send her to a cell If she drinks while you taught her and if she smokes you showed her how So gentlemen do you think it's right to condemn her now And when you're in that juryroom just remember there and then That for every fallen woman there's a hundred fallen men And before you render a verdict on what this girl has done Just remember there's a man to blame and that man might be your son Now gentlemen that's my story my testimony stands This girl is my own daughter and the case is in your hands Those Broadway roses and prevalent sounds at too many parties and too many pals|Country
waylonjennings|I Fall in Love So Easily|You don't know what's good for you You won't leave me alone I know you've got a family Sleepin' at home.  Don't make me go out of my way don't tempt me please Don't you be so nice to me I fall in love so easily.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I'm all alone and need someone I guess that it shows But the things you make me want to do I'll regret I know.  So don't say things that you don't mean 'Cause I just might believe Don't you be so nice to me I fall in love so easily.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I'm gonna leave tonight with you Go on and have your fun I don't want to be a part Of what I might have done.  I'm tempted when I think about The things that might have been And I'll admit I'd like to try But I know I couldn't win.  And so instead I'll say goodbye I know it's time to leave 'Cause you been so nice to me And I fall in love so easily.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  'Cause you been so nice to me I fall in love so easily.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  'Cause you been so nice to me...|Rock
hankwilliams|Beyond the Sunset|Should you go first and I remain to walk the road alone I'll live in mem'ry's garden dear with happy days we've known In spring I'll wait for roses red when fades the lilacs bloom And in early fall when brown leaves fall I'll catch a glimpse of you Should you go first and I remain for battles to be fought Each thing you've touched along the way will be a hallowed spot I'll hear your voice I'll see your smile though blindly I may grope The mem'ry of your helping hand will buoy me on with hope Beyond the sunset oh blissful morning when with our Saviour heaven is begun Earth's toiling ended oh glorious dawning beyond the sunset when day is done  Should you go first and I remain to finish with the scroll No lessening shadows shall ever creep in to make this life seem droll We've known so much of happiness we've had our cup of joy And memory is one gift of God that death cannot destroy I want to know each step you take that I may walk the same For someday down that lonely road you'll hear me call your name Should you go first and I remain one thing I'll have you do Walk slowly down that long long path for soon I'll follow you In that fair homeland we'll know no parting beyond the sunset for evermore|Country
waylonjennings|Looking at a Heart That Needs a Home|I'm just a stranger in this town I'm just a drifter looking round I might stay a lifetime or a week It all depends if I'll find what I seek.  You're looking at a heart that needs a home And a little girl to love me and me alone One who wants a gentleman and accepts me like I am You're looking at a heart that needs a home.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I thought I had found her many times But love reserves the right to change it's mind I guess perhaps my ways are strange But without this cast I can't change.  You're looking at a heart that needs a home And a little girl to love me and me alone One who wants a gentleman and accepts me like I am You're looking at a heart that needs a home.  You're looking at a heart that needs a home...|Rock
hankwilliams|The Funeral|I was walking in Savannah past a church decayed and dim when slowly through the window came a plaintive funeral hymn With my sympathy awakened and a wonder quickly grew, 'til I found myself envired in a little colored pew.  Out front a colored couple sat and sorrowed yet a while. On the altar was a casket and in the casket was a child. I could picture him while living, curly hair protruding lips,  why I'd seen perhaps a thousand in my hurried southern trips.  Rose a sad, old colored preacher from his little wooden desk with a manner sort of awkward and countenance grotesque. The simplicity and shrewdness in his Ethiopian face, showed the wisdom and ignorance of a crushed, undying race.  And he said, "Now don't be weepin' for this pretty bit of clay, for the little boy who lived there has done gone and run away. He was doing very finely and he appreciates your love,  but his shore 'nough father wanted him in the big house up above.  The Lord didn't give you that baby, by no hundred thousand miles,  he just thought you need some sunshine and he lent it for a while.   And he let you keep and love it til your hearts were bigger grown and these silver tears you're shedding now, is just interest on the loan.  Just think my poor dear mourners creeping long on sorrow's way, what a blessed picnic this here baby got today. Your good fathers and good mothers crowd the little fella round While the angels tend the garden of the big plantation ground.  And his eyes they brightly sparkle at the pretty things he view but a tear came and he whispered, "I want my parents too". Then the Angel's chief musicians teach that little boy a song says if only they be faithful, they'll soon be comin' long.  And so my poor dear mourners let your hearts with Jesus rest and don't go to criticizn' the one what knows the best. He has give us many comforts, he's got the right to take away To the Lord be praise and glory, forever, let us pray.|Country
waylonjennings|How Long Have You Been There|I've been walking in the shadows for so long That I forgot the sun could shine I've turned away from everything and everyone That wanted to be mine.  Somehow I always shut my eyes and heart To anything that I might share Now I'm standing still and I wonder How long have you been there?  Every path I've taken I've turned around And quickly closed the door It seems that all I knew if I ever stop To feel I want more.  I kept a steady run so my eyes Could never focus anywhere Now I'm standing still and I wonder How long have you been there?  How long have you been standing there Protecting me from love that shouldn't be Knowing all along that I would realize That you were meant for me.  Now, I've got to mend every broken fence And bridge that I have burned And clear away the cobwebs In my heart so I can start to learn.  For now I realize that you've been waiting Just to teach me how to care Now, I'm standing still and I wonder How long have you been there?  Now I'm standing still and I wonder How long have you been there?...|Rock
hankwilliams|Everything's Okay|I went to the country - just the other day To see my Uncle Bill and sorta pass the time away I asked him how he'd been - since last, I'd passed his way He rubbed his chin - here's what he had to say.  "My wife's been sick - the young'ns, too And I'm durn near - down with the flu The cow's gone dry - and them hens won't lay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The hogs took the cholera and they've all done died The bees got mad - and they left the hive The weevils got the corn and the rain rotted the hay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The porch rotted down - that's more expense The durned old mule - he tore down the fence The mortgage is due and - I can't pay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The cow broke in the field and eat up the beans The durn rabbits - they got the turnip greens And my Ma-in-law just moved in to stay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  My land's so poor - so hard and "yeller" You have to set on a sack of fetilizer to raise an "umbreller" And it rains out here - nearly ever' day But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The well's gone dry and I have to tote the water Up from the spring - about a mile and a quarter My helper, he quit - for the lack of pay But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The house it leaks - it needs a new top When it rains - it wets ever'thing we got The chimney fell down - just yesterday But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The corn meals gone and the meat's run out Got nothin' to kill to put in the smokehouse The preacher's comin' Sunday - to spend the day But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  The canned stuff's spoiled - else the jar's got broke And all we got left is one old Billy goat We're gonna have a new baby about the first of May But - we're still a-livin' - so EVER'THING'S Okay.  My crop it rotted - in the ground I asked for another loan but the banker turned me down But - we're still a-livin' and we're prayin' for better days So - after all, ever'thing's in purty good shape."|Country
waylonjennings|River Boy|I was born and raised on the river It's the only life that I know People 'round here have put a name on me And I hear it wherever I go They call me river boy, river boy Good for nothin' river boy This old world don't hold a whole lot of joy When you're nothin' but a river boy I do a lot of fishin' on the river To make my livin' you see When I take my catch to the market place The people call out to me And they say, river boy, hey river boy You got any fish today there, river boy I sell my ware, but nobody cares  About the feelin's of the river boy There's a pretty girl works at the market place I see her there everyday But when I try to talk to her  I can hear her papa say Come away from that River boy, he's a river boy Nothin' but riff-raff, them river boys No girl of mine is gonna waste her time On a good for nothin' river boy So I head my boat back up the river Back to my old fishin' place I'm afraid this ol' river's gonna overflow From the tears a-fallin' down my face I'm nothin' but a river boy, river boy A good for nothin' river boy This old world don't hold a whole lot of joy When you're nothin' but a river boy River boy, river boy A good for nothin' river boy River boy <i>[fade]</i>|Rock
hankwilliams|Nobody's Lonesome for Me|Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's thinkin' 'bout somebody else But nobody thinks about me When the time rolls around for me to lay down and die I bet I'll have to go and hire me someone to cry Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else nobody is lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's longin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's dreamin' about somebody else But nobody dreams about me All I need is a bride who want's a big-hearted groom I wouldn't care if she come ridin' in on a broom Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's pinin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's crazy 'bout somebody else But nobody's crazy 'bout me Oh, I shined up my shoes and then I slicked down my hair Put on my Sunday suit, but I ain't goin' nowhere Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me.  Ev'rybody's yearnin' for somebody else But nobody's lonesome for me Ev'rybody's fallin' for somebody else But nobody's fallin' for me Now I ain't had a kiss since I fell out of my crib It looks to me like I been cheated out of my rib Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.|Country
hankwilliams|Help Me Understand|<i>[CHORUS]</i> <i>[SUNG]</i> A  little girl prayed at the close of the day,  Cause her daddy had gone far away, On her little face was a look of despair, I stood there and listened, and I heard this prayer My mommie says daddy has brought us to shame And I'm never no more to mention his name Lord take me and lead me and hold to my hand Oh heavenly Father help me understand  <i>[RECITATION]</i> You know friends I wonder-- Just how many homes are broken tonight And just how many tears are shed  By some little word of anger That never should have been said  I'd like to tell you a story  Of a family I once knew. We'll call them Mary and William  And their little daughter Sue  Now Mary was just a plain mother And Bill was just a usual dad And they had their little family quarrels  (like everybody else) But neither one really got mad  Then one day something happened  It was nothing of course But one word led to another  And the last word led to a divorce  Now here were two grown up people Who failed to use common sense They strengthened their own selfish pride  At little Sue's expense  You know she didn't ask to be brought to  this world To drift from pillar to post But a divorce never stops to consider The ones it hurts the most  There's be a lot more honest loving  In this wicked ole world today If just a few parted parents Could hear little Sue say  <i>[SUNG]</i> Take me and lead me and hold to my hand Oh heavenly Father, help me understand|Country
waylonjennings|The Race Is On|I feel tears wellin' up cold and deep inside Like my heart's sprung a big break And the stab of loneliness, sharp and painful That I may never shake.  You might say I was taking it hard Oh, she wrote me off with a call But don't you wager that I'll hide the sorrow When I may break right down and bawl.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Well, the race is on And here comes pride up the backstretch Heartaches a-going to the inside My tears are holding back And tryin' not to fall My heart's out of the running True love's scratched for another's sake The race is on and it looks like heartaches And the winner loses all.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  One day I ventured in love, never once suspectin' What the final results would be How I lived in fear of waking up each mornin' And finding that you're gone from me.  There's aches and pain in my heart For today was the one that I hated to face Somebody new came up to win her I wound up in second place.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Well, the race is on and here comes pride Up the backstretch Heartaches a-going to the inside My tears are holding back And tryin' not to fall My heart's out of the running True love's scratched for another's sake The race is on and it looks like heartaches And the winner loses all...|Rock
hankwilliams|Just Waitin'|The old maid's waitin' for leap year to come The crooner's Just Waitin' to sing The old cow's standin' by the Bull Durham sign Just a-Waitin' for the grass to turn green.  The bar-fly's waitin' for an easy mark 'N' the hitch-hiker's waitin' for a ride The life-termer's waitin' for a prison break The beachcomber's waitin' for the ride. (tide)  Farmer's daughter's waitin' for the salesman To take her into town The city slicker's waitin' for the country boy To lay all his money down.  You know ev'rything comes to a standstill Nothin' seems to make a turn Worm must be waitin' for the early bird I guess the early bird's waitin' for the worm.  Nobody wants to do nothin' Just Waitin' to get a finger in the pie Waitin' for a call from a big quiz show Or hopin' and a-waitin'for some rich uncle to die. (deleted 'and')  Katy, she's waitin' at the garden gate The moonshiner's waitin' at the still 'N' the gambler's still waitin' for that Ace in the hole I guess Jack's still waitin' for Jill.  Ev'rybody's waitin' for som'thin' Nothing seems to turn out right 'Cause the night shift's waitin' for mornin' And the burglar Just Waitin' for night.  The congregation's waitin' for the preacher Preacher Just Waitin' for the groom The groom's Just Waitin' for the June bride And the bride's Just Waitin' for June.  Sunflow'rs waitin' for the sunshine Violets Just Waitin' for dew Bees Just Waitin' for honey And, honey, -- I'm -- Just -- Waitin' -- for -- you.|Country
waylonjennings|The Real House of the Rising Sun|There is a place down in New Orleans That they call the Rising Sun And it's been the ruin for many a poor girl And my true love was one  She had filled her glass up to the brim And there for all to see She danced, she sang the whole night through For other fools like me  Ah, well, I still remember I was her only one Now dreams of love lie buried Down in the Rising Sun  With one foot on a platform And the other foot on a train I'm going back to New Orleans To wear that ball and chain  Go tell her baby sister Not to do the things she's done But shun that house down in New Orleans That they call the Rising Sun|Rock
hankwilliams|Men With Broken Hearts|You'll meet many just like me upon life's busy street With shoulders stooped and heads bowed low and eyes that stare in defeat Or souls that live within the past where sorrow plays all parts Where a living death is all that's left for men with broken hearts You have no right to be the judge to criticize and condemn Just think but for the grace of God it would be you instead of him One careless step a thoughtless deed and then the misery starts And to those who weep death comes cheap these men with broken hearts Oh so humble you should be when they come passing by For it's written that the greatest men never get too big to cry Some lose faith in love and life when sorrow shoots her darts And with hope all gone they walk alone these men with broken hearts You've never walked in that man's shoes or saw things through his eyes Or stood and watched with helpless hands while the heart inside you dies Some were paupers some were kings and some were masters of the arts But in their shame they're all the same these men with broken hearts Life sometimes can be so cruel that a heart will pray for death God why must these living dead know pain with every breath So help your brother along the road no matter where he starts For the God that made you made them too these men with broken hearts|Country
waylonjennings|Just to Satisfy You|Someone's gonna get hurt before you're through Someone's gonna pay for the things you do How many hearts must break how many it's gonna take To satisfy you just to satisfy you.  Another love another fool to play your game Another love another fool they're all the same Someone's gonna get hurt before you're through Someone's gonna pay for the things you do.  You're gonna find when it's too late Heart that just won't break Just to satisfy you Just to satisfy you.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  How many hearts must break How many will it take To satisfy you Just to satisfy you.  Just to satisfy you Satisfy you Just to satisfy you.  Someone's gonna get hurt before you're through Someone's gonna pay for the things you do You're gonna find when it's too late Heart that just won't break.  Just to satisfy you. Just to satisfy you. Just to satisfy you. Satisfy you. Just to satisfy you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Kisses Sweeter Than Wine|Well, when I was a young man and never been kissed I got to thinkin' it over, how much I'd missed So I got me a girl and I kissed her and then And then oh Lordy, well I kissed her again.  Because she had kisses sweeter than wine She had uh, uh, kisses sweeter than wine.  Well, I asked her to marry and be my sweet wife I told her we'd be so happy for the rest of our life I begged her and pleaded like a natural man And then whups oh Lordy, well she gave me her hand.  Because she had kisses sweeter than wine...  Well, we worked very hard both me and my wife A working hand in hand to have a good life We had corn in the fields and whaet in the bins And then whups oh Lord I was the father of twins  Because she had kisses sweeter than wine She had uh, uh, kisses sweeter than wine.  Well, our children then numbered just about four And they all had the sweethearts a knockin' at the door They all got married and they wouldn't hesitate I was whups oh Lord the grandfather of eight.  Because she had kisses sweeter than wine She had uh, uh, kisses sweeter than wine.  Well, now that I'm old and ready to go We get to thinkin' what happened a long time ago Had a lotta kids a lotta trouble and pain But then whups oh Lord we'd do it all again.  Because she had kisses sweeter than wine She had uh, uh, kisses sweeter than wine...|Rock
hankwilliams|Howlin' at the Moon|I know there's never been a man in the awful shape I'm in I can't even spell my name, my heads in such a spin To-day I tried to eat a steak with a big old table-spoon You got me chasin' Rabbits, walkin' on my hands ...And Howlin' At The Moon.  Well, I took one look at you and it almost drove me mad And then I even went and lost what little sense I had Now I can't tell the day from night, I'm crazy as a loon You got me chasin' Rabbits, pullin' out my hair and Howlin' At The Moon.  Some friends of mine asked me to go out on a huntin' spree 'Cause there ain't a hound dog in this state that can hold a light to me I eat three bones for dinner today, then tried to tree a 'Coon You got me chasin' Rabbits, scratchin' fleas and Howlin' At The Moon.  I rode my horse to town to day and a gas pump we did pass I pulled 'im up and I hollered WHOA!, said fill 'im up with gas The man picked up a monkey wrench and WHAM!, he changed my tune You got me chasin' Rabbits, spittin' out teeth and Howlin' At The Moon.  I never thought in this old world a fool could fall so hard But honey baby, when I fell the whole world must have jarred I think I'd quit my doggish ways if you'd take me for your groom You got me chasin Rabbits, pickin' out rings and Howlin' At The Moon|Country
waylonjennings|Unchained Melody|Oh my love my darling I've hungered for your touch A long lonely time Time goes by so slowly And time can do so much Are you still mine I need your love I need your love God-speed your love To me.  Lonely rivers flow to the sea, to the sea To the open arms of the sea Lonely rivers cry wait for me wait for me I'll be coming home wait for me  Oh my love my darling I've hungered for your touch Such a long lonely time Time goes by so slowly And time can do so much Are you still mine I need your love I need your love God-speed your love To me.|Rock
waylonjennings|Four Strong Winds|Four strong winds that blow lonely Seven seas that run high  All these things that don't change come what may But my good times are all gone And I'm bound for moving on I'll look for you if I'm ever back this way  I may go out to Alberta Weather's good there in the fall Got some friends that I could go to working for Still I wish you'd change your mind If I ask it one more time But we've been through that a thousand times or more  If I get there before the snow flies And things are going good You could join me if I send you down the fare But if you wait until it's winter it would do no good For the winds sure can blow cold way out there  I'll look for you if I'm ever back this way|Rock
waylonjennings|Trouble Man|I was so ugly the doctor slapped my momma when I was born Then he took out his pocket knife and cut off my horns He said, "Lady if you ain't already picked out a name Go ahead on and call him Trouble Man"  He's gonna be wild I'm giving you warning He's gotta have room Keep an eye on him  I grew up with long and lean and hungry looks I learned you can't go nowhere when you go by the book People all around me earthbound, I learned how to fly Upside, downside, outside, sailing on by  Out of my reach Out of my hands Out of control Trouble Man  I've been so far in all directions as you can get I ain't never had enough of anything yet I have women that tore me apart without any reason I say, "Baby I don't get mad I just get even"  I don't explain If you don't understand I'm my own man Trouble Man Trouble man|Rock
hankwilliams|Hey, Good Lookin'|Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me? Hey, sweet baby - don't you think maybe We can find us a brand new recipe?  I got a hot rod Ford, and a two dollar bill And I know a spot right over the hill There's soda pop and the dancing's free So if you wanna have fun, come along with me  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?  I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about saving all your time for me? No more lookin' - I know I been tookin' Hows about keepin' steady company?  I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence And buy me one for five or ten cents I'll keep it till it's covered with age Cause I'm writin' your name down on every page  Say hey, good lookin' - what ya got cookin'? How's about cooking somethin' up with me?|Country
hankwilliams|My Heart Would Know|I could say it's over now  That I was glad to see you go I could hate you for theway I'm feelin' My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know  It's a sin to make me cry When you know I love you so  I could tell my heart that I don't miss you My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know  I could give you all the blame But I'm sure the truth would show I could tell this world I've found a new love My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know  I can't fool my cryin' heart 'Cause it knows I need you so I could tell my heart I'm glad we parted My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know|Country
hankwilliams|The Pale Horse and His Rider|Listen poor sinner; you're driftin' away  From the Dear Saviour; who's pleading today What will you do; when the Saviour ain't nigh When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?  The time now ain't long; when the Saviour will come Then you'll be judged; by the deeds you have done On that judgement day; you'll weep and you'll cry When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?  When that trumpet sounds; on the sinners below Not even the angels; in heaven will know Then's when you'll wish; you had Jesus nigh When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?  Won't you redeem; your poor wicked soul You can't pay your way; with Silver and Gold If you're not saved; you'll be lost in the night When the Pale Horse and his rider goes by?|Country
hankwilliams|A Home in Heaven|Around me many are building Homes of beauty and wealth But what of a home in Heaven Where will you live after death  Are you building a Home in Heaven To live in when this life is o'er Will you move to that beautiful city And live with Christ ever more.  Long is the road that leads you To that beautiful home up there Is work on your home completed Death may be lingering near.  Are you ready for His coming Have you been true all along Have you finished your building in Glory Will you move to this Heavenly Home.|Country
waylonjennings|Grapes On The Vine|There are songs that birds don't sing to people There are secrets that keep right through to the end There are heroes who hide until forever And I'm singing this song for one of them  He's the man that you passed on the road there The one with his life on the loose Going either somewhere or nowhere Going without me, without you  For he is this world's constant orphan Traveling out his lone time Living on apples from orchards Dying from grapes on the vine  You can find him in big city winters Down where the mission bell cries And sorrow echoes through summer As he tries to close all his eyes  You can find him in Pittsburgh in Christmas You can find him in Buffalo in June And he knows all the backroads between them Like the gypsy knows the moon  And it's route 22 all over again Stick your thumb out and try to look like somebody's friend Look strong at the man, gentle at the girl And puzzled at the rest of the world  Living on apples from orchards Dying from grapes on the vine|Rock
hankwilliams|Pictures From Life's Other Side|In the world's mighty gallery of pictures Hang the scenes that're painted from life There's pictures of love and of passion And there's pictures of keys and of strife  There hung pictures of youth and of beauty Of old age and a blushing young bride They all hung on the wall but the saddest of all Are the pictures from life's other side  Just a picture from life's other side Someone has fell by the way A life has gone out with the tide That might have been happy some day  There's a poor old mother at home She's watching and waiting alone Just longing to hear from a loved one so dear Just a picture from life's other side  The first scene is that of a gambler Who had lost all of his money at play And he drowses dead mother's ring from his finger Which she wore long ago on her wedding day  It's his last earthly treasure but he stakes it Then bows his head that his shame he might hide But when they lifted his head they found he was dead That's just a picture from life's other side  Now the last scene is that by the river Of a heartbroken mother and baby As the harbor lights shine and they shiver On an outcast, soon no one will save  And yet she was once a true woman She was somebody's darling and pride God help her she leaps, oh there's no one to weep It's just a picture from life's other side|Country
waylonjennings|Yoyos, Bozos, Bimbos And Heroes|In a world full of sadness and laughter Where we live for the now and hereafter We're all friends and strangers wondering which way to go Leaning on yoyos,bozos and bimbos and heroes.  We got all kinds of singers and preachers Crawlers and two-legged creatures Selling us sermons,and songs made for the soul Some of 'em yoyos,bozos and bimbos and heroes.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Reigning like fine politicians Dressed up in perfect disguise Pushing their science and fiction Mixing the truth with the lies.  So why we're all busy looking for answers There's one thing we all need to know The difference between yoyos, Bozos and bimbos and heroes.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Reigning like fine politicians Dressed up in perfect disguise Pushing their science and fiction Mixing the truth with the lies.  The difference between yoyos, Bozos and bimbos and heroes...|Rock
hankwilliams|I Dreamed About Mama Last Night|I've just been to heaven with someone so true I dreamed about mama last night She read me the Bible like she used to do I dreamed about mama last night She never close her eyes to sleep till we were all in bed And on party nights when we come home she often sat and read We little thought about it then for we were young and gay Just how much mama worried when we children were away We only knew she never slept when we were out at night That she waited just to know that we'd all come home alright Why sometimes when we'd stay away till one or two or three It seemed to us that mama heard the turnin' of the key For always when we'd step aside she'd call and we'd reply But we were all too young back then to understand the reason why Until the last one had returned she'd always keep a light For mama couldn't sleep until she kissed us all goodnight She had to know that we were safe before she went to rest She seemed to fear that the world might harm the ones that she loved the best And once she told me when you're grown to women and to men Perhaps I'll sleep the whole night through I may be different then And so it seemed that night and day we knew a mother's care That always when we got back home we'd find her waitin' there Then came the night that we were called together round her bed The children're all with you now the kindly doctor said And in her eyes the gleam again that old time tender light That told that she's just been waitin' to know that we were alright She smiled that old familiar smile and prayed to God to keep Her children safe from harm throughout the years tand then she went to sleep My dream is a treasure that I'll always keep I dreamed about mama last night|Country
hankwilliams|I'd Still Want You|I could shame you 'til you hide your face And drag you right down in disgrace But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  I could tell the world you're doin' wrong That I was stringin' you along And if it all were true I know I'd still want you.  The world with me might sympathize When I got thru with all my lies But I'd be just as blue 'Cause my heart would still want you-ooo-oo  Cry, oh, lord.  I could tell my friends I threw you down And slander your name all over town But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  If I said I'm happy to be free The only one I'd fool is me Because it isn't true I know I'd still want you.  What's the use to say that you're no good When I'd crawl back if I could No matter what you do I know I'd still want you-ooo-oo Cry, oh, lord.  I could smile and say that I don't care And then go home and pull my hair But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  I could say that someone put me wise         And get revenge by telling lies But when I got all thru I know I'd still want you.  If the things I said was to break your heart I'd be the first to take your part 'Cause if all these lies were true I know I'd still want you-oooo-oo Cry, oh, lord.|Country
waylonjennings|How Much Is It Worth To Live In L.A.|How much is it worth to live in L.A.? That land of silk and money where the pretty people play When they itemize insanity, how much will you pay? How much is it worth to live in L.A.?  Now I'm not here to criticize or to put nobody down But they're weirding out in Hollyweird every time you turn around And when it comes to crazy, I know whereof I speak And I know where I'd be leaving if I were walking in their feet  How much is it worth to live in L.A.? That land of silk and money where the pretty people play When they itemize insanity, how much will you pay? How much is it worth to live in L.A.?  There's a freeway full of traffic going every which way People dodging bullets, crawling down the interstate They keep waiting for the big one, one tremor at a time Ain't nobody living there, it's all a state of mind  How much is it worth to live in L.A.? That land of silk and money where the pretty people play When they itemize insanity, how much will you pay? How much is it worth to live in L.A.?  How much is it worth to live in L.A.? That land of silk and money where the pretty people play When they itemize insanity, how much will you pay? How much is it worth to live in L.A.?|Rock
waylonjennings|Hey Willie|Hey Willie let's pack up and catch us a slow train And go back to Phoenix to a far brighter day Where stars were for shining in the Arizona sky And music meant more than fortune or fame  Willie, we wandered from border to border Singing our stories and living our songs Seems the farther we go, all that grows closer Is a mind full of memories we made years ago  Hey Willie let's pack up and catch us a slow train And go back to Phoenix to a far brighter day Where stars were for shining in the Arizona sky And music meant more than fortune or fame  We rolled through the towns like a bus load of gypsies Motels and hotels ain't no place to stay The favors we're taking, the money we're making Won't pay for the living,we're giving away  Hey Willie let's pack up and catch us a slow train And go back to Phoenix to a far brighter day Where stars were for shining in the Arizona sky And music meant more than fortune or fame|Rock
hankwilliams|I'd Still Want You|I could shame you 'til you hide your face And drag you right down in disgrace But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  I could tell the world you're doin' wrong That I was stringin' you along And if it all were true I know I'd still want you.  The world with me might sympathize When I got thru with all my lies But I'd be just as blue 'Cause my heart would still want you-ooo-oo  Cry, oh, lord.  I could tell my friends I threw you down And slander your name all over town But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  If I said I'm happy to be free The only one I'd fool is me Because it isn't true I know I'd still want you.  What's the use to say that you're no good When I'd crawl back if I could No matter what you do I know I'd still want you-ooo-oo Cry, oh, lord.  I could smile and say that I don't care And then go home and pull my hair But what good would it do I know I'd still want you.  I could say that someone put me wise         And get revenge by telling lies But when I got all thru I know I'd still want you.  If the things I said was to break your heart I'd be the first to take your part 'Cause if all these lies were true I know I'd still want you-oooo-oo Cry, oh, lord.|Country
hankwilliams|I'm Sorry for You My Friend|You've known so long that you were wrong But still you had your way You told her lies and alibis And hurt her more each day But now your conscience bothers you You've reached your journey's end You're asking me for sympathy I'm Sorry For You, My Friend.  You laughed inside each time she cried You tried to make her blue She tagged along through right and wrong Because she worshipped you You know that you're the one to blame There's no use to pretend Today's the day you start to pay I'm Sorry For You, My Friend.  Today as she walked arm in arm At someone else's side It made you stop and realize That time has turned the tide You should have known you'd be alone 'Cause cheaters never win You tried and lost, now pay the cost I'm Sorry For You, My Friend.|Country
hankwilliams|Let's Turn Back the Years|Darling let's turn back my years and go back to yesterday Let's pretend that time has stopped and I didn't go away We had our love to make us happy it wasn't meant to bring us tears Love like ours should never die so darling let's turn back the years <i>[ steel - guitar ]</i> We had our love to make us happy...|Country
waylonjennings|You Put The Soul In The Song|We started with nothing but each other and reached for the stars From a one room apartment with a dream and a pawnshop guitar God gave the talent but you found the will to survive In this city of songs where dreamers are eaten alive.  I made the music but you make the man When I'd stumble and lose it baby you'd understand When I was tempted to give up your strength made me strong I make the music but you put the soul in the song.  When I look at you girl I see a true work of art So many beautiful things in one little heart Every word I ever wrote and every note that I ever sung You never stop believing that's where the feeling comes from.  I made the music but you make the man When I'd stumble and lose it baby you'd understand When I was tempted to give up your strength made me strong I make the music but you put the soul in the song...|Rock
waylonjennings|G.I. Joe|Well he smoked those Camel cigarettes about three packs a day Nicotine stains on his fingers when he'd stretch them out to play  That old "Midnight special" is one he loved to do Then he'd sing "I'm walking the floor over you  TV preachers and welfare checks for him just had no place But he'd take his time to tune real good when he sang "Amazing Grace"  He'd say boys I'm old and crazy but I still give a damn And I still think the boys got screwed over in Vietnam  He'd drag out that old uniform And say "they used to call me slim" He never could get it buttoned up But the pride looked good on him He still feels the way he felt Over forty years ago Here's to the old man Here's to G.I. Joe  He only sang the old songs, he's standing still in time "My Phillipino baby", right there on his mind Then he'd talk about the big one, the war we didn't lose He'd pick a little bit like Travis "Re-Enlistment blues"  He'd drag out that old uniform And say "they used to call me slim" He never could get it buttoned up But the pride looked good on him He still feels the way he felt Over forty years ago Here's to the old man Here's to G.I. Joe  Here's to my old man And all the G.I. Joe's|Rock
waylonjennings|Woman I Hate It|Woman, I hate, hate it When I wreck your alibi Woman, I hate, hate it When I catch you telling lies  I used to be your knight in silk pyjamas Now you're running back home to your Mama I don't even know why Woman I hate, hate it  Woman I hate, hate it When you brush my moves aside Woman I hate, hate it When you shoot holes through my pride  I used to be your Latin lover boy Now you treat me like a worn-out toy Your lovin' brings me no joy Woman I hate, hate it  I hate the way you run me round in circles I don't know which way to go Should I believe or should I believe me I guess I'll never know  Woman I hate, hate it When you make that step on me Woman I hate, hate it When you just won't let me be  You used to be a smilin' Mona Lisa Take the breath from everyone that meets you Now you don't even try Women I hate, hate it  I hate the way you run me round in circles I don't know which way to turn I've made mistakes but I ain't mistaken This time I think I've learnt  Women I hate, hate it And my whining days are through You're gonna hate, hate it When the tables turn on you  If I can't be your knight in shining armour Ain't don't treat me like no poor darn farmer So baby, don't even try Women I hate, hate it Women I hate, hate it|Rock
waylonjennings|Littlefield|I was born in '37, a sharecropper's son Out on the great south plains There in the suburbs of a dryland cotton patch In the middle of a west Texas rain  And for all of you folks out there in radioland  who don't know what a West Texas rain is, Well that's what's commonly known as a sandstorm Remember that, you'll need it later  I guess times were hard but livin' was easy We always found a way to survive Fried chicken and gravy and an old tune off the guitar Was enough to keep a country boy alive  And on Saturday afternoons it was Lester Pruitt's "The Picture Show" On Saturday's nights is the Grand Ol' Uproar from Nashville Tennessee, take it away boys  Lookin' back now and thinkin' it over Life was like an old country song My mama taught me the melody and daddy taught me the chords I made the words up on my own  And sometimes it didn't rhyme, but they always had a reason, Even if it was unbeknownst to no one but myself I guess all that west Texas sand in my crawl, that's what make me so mean I'd bet I was the only boy ever expelled from Sunday school Lover, fighter, wild-horse rider, and purty dern good windmill maker Look out world, here I come|Rock
hankwilliams|Window Shopping|You're Window Shoppin' Just Window Shoppin' You're only lookin' around You're not buyin' You're just tryin' To find the best deal in town.   You give away your kisses But you never give your heart To anyone who's fool enough to fall ... You don't feel love You don't want real love You're Window Shoppin' that's all.  <i>[Repeat both verses]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Be Careful of Stones That You Throw|<i>[CHORUS]</i> A tongue can accuse and carry bad news The seeds of distrust, it will sow But unless you've made no mistakes in your life Be careful of stones that you throw.  <i>[SPOKEN]</i> A neighbor was passing my garden one time She stopped and I knew right away  That it was gossip, not flowers, she had on her mind  And this is what I heard my neighbor say:  "That girl down the street should be run from our midst She drinks and she talks quite a lot  She knows not to speak to my child or to me." My neighbor then smiled and I thought:  <i>[CHORUS]</i>  <i>[SPOKEN]</i> A car speeded by and the screamin' of brakes A sound that made my blood chill For my neighbor's one child had been pulled from the path And saved by a girl lying still.  The child was unhurt and my neighbor cried out: "Oh! who was that brave girl so sweet?"       I covered the crushed, broken body and said: "The bad girl who lived down the street."  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Please Make Up Your Mind|When I agree with you baby it makes you mad and when I don't it makes you sad When I argue back you pack and leave and when I don't you pout in grieve There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do You say get out and I'd better stay gone Then you have a big policeman drag me back home You holler good and loud put him in the calaboose Then you cry and ask the judge won't you please turn him loose The good Lord only knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do My life with you baby has been one hard knock Lord my head looks like an old chop block And I'll tell you right now honey that ain't all You done kicked me till I feel like a used football There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do You knock me down and then you pick me up Honey do you have to love so doggone rough I wish to my soul you'd slow down the pace Cause I tell you right now the hide's gettin' sca'ce There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind what you want me to do Why when I married you, you were such a meek little thing But honey among tigers you'd be queen If a poor little rabbit had you on his side Every hound in the country would crawl off and hide There just ain't nobody knows what I go through Will you please make up your mind  What in the confounded cat hair you want me to do|Country
hankwilliams|Happy Rovin' Cowboy|Hear my song as I ride along I'm a Happy Rovin' Cowboy Herdin' the dark clouds out of the sky Keepin' the heavens blue  No where to go nothing to do I'm a happy rovin' cowboy Let me ride that long trail down to the end Where the skies are always blue  I ain't got a dime I'm just spendin' my time I'm a Happy Rovin' Cowboy Let me sing my song till they call me home To the land beyond the blue|Country
hankwilliams|Freight Train Blues|I was born in Dixie in a boomer's shack Just a little old shanty by a railroad track The hummin' of the drivers was my lullaby And a freight train whistle taught me how to cry  I've got the freight train blues, lordy, lordy, lordy Got 'em in the bottom of my ramblin' shoes And when that whistle blows, I've gotta go Oh, lordy guess I'm never gonna lose The mean old freight train blues  Now my Pappy was a fireman and my Mammy dear Was the only daughter of an engineer My sister married a brakeman and it ain't no joke Now it's a shame the way she keeps a good man broke  I've got the freight train blues, lordy, lordy, lordy Got 'em in the bottom of my ramblin' shoes And when that whistle blows, I've gotta go Oh, lordy guess I'm never gonna lose The mean old freight train blues|Country
hankwilliams|San Antonio Rose|<i>[Spoken intro:]</i> Hi, neighbors, this is our new album And we've chosen songs from the great Bob Wills Who is a legend As far as we in the business are concerned And I know, people across the United States You know, we finally call him the "Old Man" Because to us, that's just what he is You'll always know him by the lonesome fiddle The white hat, the high-heeled boots The cigar smoke, and some of these wonderful songs We hope you like our version of 'em As we pay tribute to one of the greatest of all time Bob Wills   Deep within my heart lies a melody A song of old San Antone Where in dreams I live with a memory Beneath the stars all alone  It was there I found beside the Alamo Enchantment strange as the blue up above A moonlit path that only she would know Still hears my broken song of love  Moon in all your splendor knows only my heart Call back my Rose, Rose of San Antone Lips so sweet and tender like petals fallin' apart Speak once again of my love, my own  Broken song, empty words I know Still live in my heart all alone And that moonlit pass BY the Alamo And Rose, my Rose of San Antone  <i>[Repeat last two verses]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|I'm Not Coming Home Any More|When you get home there you will find This letter dear that I have wrote to you And when you read it oe'r Till then you'll understand Why I'm not coming home anymore  Oh there ain't no use to cry Because we're saying goodbye We have discussed that oe'r and oe'r So you go your way to you may life be kind For I'm not coming home anymore  Darling we were so happy and had a happy home The baby we were so proud of you But then you went astray I'll never forget that day For him to know I'd much rather be dead  When from you I'm far away  I'll long for you each day  The baby I will miss him so But from you I will go For it's all over so I'm not coming home anymore  Oh there ain't no use to cry Because we're saying goodbye We have discussed that oe'r and oe'r So you go your way to you may life be kind For I'm not coming home anymore|Country
waylonjennings|If Ole Hank Could Only See Us Now|If ole Hank, Could only see us now If he could see what we got goin' down We got learjets and buses, chauffeured limousines We done moved from the Ryman, and Opry's on TV I'd give a hundred dollars, if I could know somehow What'd ya think, If ole Hank, could see us now  Well Nashville's got too rich, to sing the blues They've traded in their cowboy boots for high-heeled Gucci shoes Looks like they took the music out to lunch Their ain't a decent yodel in the bunch If ole Hank, could see us now  If he could see what we got goin' down We got game shows and videos, and a lot of souvenirs From machines and synthesizers ringin' in our ears I'd give a hundred dollars, if I could know somehow What'd ya think, If ole Hank, could only see us now. (Yeah)  It's still a long hard road but you know you're at the top When the CMA awards you, for crossin' over pop I guess they finally think we've come of age Singin' through the smoke, strobe lights on the stage  If ole Hank, could only see us now If he could see what we got goin' down We got learjets and buses, chauffeured limousines We done moved from the Ryman, and Ralph Emery's on TV I'd give a hundred dollars, if I could know somehow What'd ya think, if ole Hank, could see us now  We spend two hundred thousand dollars makin' compact discs And the record never scratch and never break Ver break, ver break, ver break, ver break. (ha ha ha)|Rock
hankwilliams|I Ain't Gonna Love You Any More|No need for you to set alone, just waiting by your telephone Cause I ain't gonna call you any more. Oh I gave you love and you broke my heart, And you cheated on me from the start. And now I ain't gonna love you anymore.  <i>[CHORUS]</i> I mean I ain't gonna love you anymore, I know I couldn't love you as before. So I'm gonna tell you goodbye, Don't mind these tears there in my eyes Cause I ain't gonna love you anymore  My darlin' I just worship you, and look what you have loved me thru. You left me with a heart so sick and sore. Oh you're the one that was unfair, It wasn't in you to play square. And now I ain't gonna love you anymore.  <i>[Repeat Chorus]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|Won't You Sometimes Think of Me|Though our paths in life have parted  You no longer care for me but when you're happy with another  Won't you sometimes think of me  When the evenin' sun is sinking  down behind the trees and the moon is slowly rising  Won't you sometimes think of me  I'll always keep your picture it means so much to me And every night I'll pray dear that  You'll sometimes think of me  Think of days that are gone dear  days we could recall if you would only try dear  But still you blame me for all  When the evenin' sun is sinking  down behind the trees and the moon is slowly rising  Won't you sometimes think of me  All I can say's I tried dear  But you wouldn't let it be So if you're ever sad and lonely Won't you sometimes think of me  When the evenin' sun is sinking  down behind the trees and the moon is slowly rising  Won't you sometimes think of me|Country
hankwilliams|Why Should I Cry|Why should I cry, I never done you wrong I kept my vows you left me all alone You told me you loved me, you told me a lie Why should I pay, tell me why should I cry  You knew I worshipped you, right from the start I gave you my love, never thought that we'd part You didn't care enough, to even say goodbye Why should I pay, tell me why should I cry  You know I miss you, now that you're gone Life can be sad when you're livin' all alone But darlin' I'll forget you, your memory will die Why should I pay, tell me why should I cry|Country
hankwilliams|I Watched My Dream World Crumble Like Clay|I built a dream world darlin' for two Built it on hope and the love I thought was true But I've seen my blue skies all turn to gray I watched my dream world crumble like clay  We were so happy, darlin' we two But then you changed dear, you found someone new I saw all the joys of life fade far away I watched my dream world crumble like clay  You promised darlin' that we'd never part But now you've gone dear, breakin' my heart I saw saw your love dear, fade and die away I watched my dream world crumble like clay|Country
waylonjennings|Rough And Rowdy Days|You keep barrelin' on and you don't look back your mind is gone and you're losing track of who you want to be and you think you're free <i>[x2 fading out at end]</i>  when you still want more and you've done it all you're kickin' doors and climbin' walls you've gone far enough you need to straighten up <i>[x3 fading out at end]</i>  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Girl you came along and just in time to show me the way while I was wadin' through my rough and rowdy days <i>[x1 rough and rowdy days]</i>  How can you know what life's about when upside down is inside out you know you need some help you can't help yourself <i>[x2 fading out at end]</i>  <i>[Chorus x2]</i>|Rock
hankwilliams|I Told a Lie to My Heart|I told my heart I didn't love you That I'd be happy if we'd part But now I know I was mistaken I Told A Lie To My Heart.  I told my heart I didn't love you Now we'll forever be apart Lonely years of tears and sorrow I Told A Lie To My Heart.  If we sin somehow we pay And now the bitter teardrops start I must learn to live without you I Told A Lie To My Heart.  I told my heart I didn't love you That I'd be happy if we'd part Lonely years of tears and sorrow I Told A Lie To My Heart.|Country
hankwilliams|Mother Is Gone|In a little pine grove by the old home There's someone who's restin' alone  And there on the the tomb, these words I read The words were Mother is gone.   <i>[CHORUS]</i> Mother is gone, to her home Way up in heaven above And my heart's so sad, for the words I read there The words said Mother is gone.  As I stood alone, with mem'ries of home The place I left long, long ago I returned home, but I waited too long For the words said, Mother is gone.  My friends did say, before she went away She called my name o'er and o'er So trustin' in God's love, I'll meet her above Over there on that other shore.  <i>[CHORUS]</i>|Country
hankwilliams|In My Dreams You Still Belong to Me|Now at last you've gone and left me Like a piece of driftwood on the sea You said that you no longer loved me But in my dreams you still belong to me  In my dreams you're still my only darlin' Just like you used to be And tho I've lost you to another In my dreams you still belong to me  At night when I am sad and lonely It's then I really know you're gone But I just go to sleep praying That you'll be back before so long  No matter where you wander, darlin' If it be across the deep blue sea Everyday you'll know I'll miss you And in my dreams you'll still belong to me  In my dreams you're still my only darlin' Just like you used to be And tho I lost you to another In my dreams you still belong to me|Country
waylonjennings|You Deserve The Stars In My Crown|You're the one who took the time Looked for a reason to believe Five hundred pounds of <i>[?]</i> Which shines on the better side of me  More than anyone You're a part of all I say and do When it's all said and done When they remember me, they'll think of you  You always believed That's what brought me up when I was down And I do believe You deserve the stars in my crown  You always believed That's what brought me up when I was down And I do believe You deserve the stars in my crown  And I do believe You deserve the stars in my crown|Rock
hankwilliams|We're Getting Closer to the Grave Each Day|Oh don't you know that Jesus died to wash your sins away Please heed His call and in sin don't fall We're getting closer to the grave each day They nailed his hands there on the cross On His head the thorns did lay Be prepared to go, there's one thing I know We're getting closer to the grave each day Sinner man won't you stop now and pray Leave the road of sin alone Let Jesus lead you home We're getting closer to the grave each day|Country
waylonjennings|Turn It All Around|You can see forever standin' on a mountain top The only way to break the drop is find the long way down It's not that I'm complainin', I know I've had my day I'd just like to find a way to turn it all around  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Boots and jeans and diamond rings and limosines that I got for a song Knowin' all along the way I'll wake up one day and find it gone It's not that I'm complainin', I know I've had my day I'd just like to find a way to turn it all around  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Boots and jeans and diamond rings and limosines that I got for a song Knowin' all along the way I'll wake up one day and find it gone It's not that I'm complainin', I know i've had my day I'd just like to find a way to turn it all around|Rock
hankwilliams|I'm So Tired of It All|All my life I've been so lonesome  If happpiness came, I missed the call All my dreams have died and vanished And now I'm So Tired Of It All.  In life and love, I've been a failure Too many tears thru it all Too many broken vows and promises And now I'm So Tired Of It All.  Ev'ry thing I loved, I lost, dear Too many times I've watched my castles fall My life is full of regretting And now I'm So Tired Of It All.  From this world I'll soon be goin' No one will miss me, after all Up there, I pray I'll find contentment But now I'm So Tired Of It All|Country
waylonjennings|Hangin' On|It's true you have me twisted round your finger And it seems that's where I belong You know how to hold me, to thrill me and control me Just enough to keep me hangin' on.  For now, tomorrow and forever I guess I'm tied to you right or wrong My love keeps a growing 'cause your love keeps a showing Just enough to keep me hangin' on.  A love that's strong as mine Will make me do most anything Like hiding tears and heartaches And dreaming silly dreams.  You've got me where you want me You keep stringing me along Just enough to keep me hangin' on. Just enough to keep me hangin' on...|Rock
waylonjennings|Where Do We Go From Here|Time keeps changing lanes and shifting gears Racin' down the road that disappears Where do we go from here?  Sometimes, it's hard to live like I was <i>[?]</i> Tryin' to survive these modern days The old fashioned way  Time keeps changing lanes and shifting gears Racin' down the road that disappears Where do we go from here?|Rock
waylonjennings|Julie|When I married Julie She was just seventeen Pretty as the answer To any man's dream.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  From the start I gave Julie All the love that I've had Though everyone told me That Julie was bad.  Julie liked parties And clothes that fit tight Drinking and dancin' Around late at night.  She was everything evil With the face of a child But I sat home and waited While my Julie went wild.  I had built me an empire With my own two hands With the money and power To break any man.  But with all my possessions, Power and gold Julie was one thing I couldn't control.  I gave Julie All my money could buy Begged her to love me But she wouldn't try.  She'd only laugh Then walk out the door Each time she'd hurt me Made me love her more.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Now I'm locked in this room They say I'm insane And I guess that I'll never See my Julie again.  I'm a man with a heart And a tormented soul And the mind that Julie Drove out of control...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Crowd|I go out with the crowd, I play the game Pretending out loud but it don't seem the same For the heart of the crowd is gone from sight And my part of the crowd is not with me tonight.  I remember the times, each dance with you All those crazy things that we used to do Sometimes we'd wait for the dance and then steal away From the crowd and the dance till I hide away.  Oh, but you're gone and it's not the same old game I fall apart everytime I hear your name I'll go on with the crowd of make believe Till you come back to me.  Run back to me Hurry back to the crowd and me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lonesome, On'ry and Mean|On a Greyhound bus Lord I'm travelin' this morning I'm goin' to Shreveport and down to New Orleans Been travlin' these highways and doin' things my way It's been making me lonesome on'ry and mean.  God her hair was jet black and her name was Bodine Thought she was the queen of the Basin Street Queens She got tired of that smoky-wine dream She began to feel lonesome on'ry and mean.  We got together and we cashed in our sweeps Gave onto beggar who was mumblin' through the streets There's no escaping from his snowy white dream On'ry and lonesome on'ry and mean.  I'm down in this valley where the wheels turn so low At dawn I pray to the Lord of my soul I say do Lord do right by me you know I'm tired of being lonesome on'ry and mean...|Rock
waylonjennings|Let Me Talk to You|Just one more dance Just one more chance So I can talk to you We've both have paid Don't be afraid Just let me try to prove I would do anything You want me to.  Just one more dance Just one more chance Let me talk to you Don't go too far. With that crowd at the bar That's not the way to win  Let's fall in love again Give me your heart  And let me start  To build our life anew.  Just one more dance  Just one more chance  Let me talk to you Just one more dance  Just one more chance  Let me talk to you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Woman, Don't You Ever Laugh at Me|Yes, I guess I let you make a fool of me So I'll just go my foolish way and let you be But if you should find some human in my misery All I ask is, please don't laugh, Woman don't you ever laugh at me.  All I expect is your respect For the pride inside of me All I ask is please don't laugh Woman, don't you ever laugh at me.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I guess I was just a joke to you right from the start And the biggest live fool of all those when I gave my heart Now it's past you don't jest it affects my sanity All I ask is please don't laugh Woman, don't you ever laugh at me.  All I expect is your respect For the pride inside of me All I ask is please don't laugh Woman, don't you ever laugh at me.  Uhuh woman, don't you ever laugh at me...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Chokin' Kind|I only meant to love you don't you know it babe Why couldn't you be contented with the love I gave I've given you my heart and now you want my mind Your love scares me to death girl it's the chokin' kind.  You can kill a man with bullets poison or a knife But it hurts him more to take his pride and run his life Whatever it is you want girl I hope you find But that hat don't fit my head it's the chokin' kind.  When you fall in love again girl take a tip from me If you don't like the peaches walk on by the tree Find what you want and keep it treat it sweet and kind But let it breathe don't make your love the chokin' kind...|Rock
waylonjennings|Gentle on My Mind|It's knowing that your door is always open and your path is free to walk That makes me tend to leave my sleeping bag rolled up and stashed behind your couch And it's knowing I'm not shacked by forgotten words and bons And the ink stains that have dried upon some line That keeps you in the back roads by the rivers of my mem'ry Keeps you ever gentle on my mind It's not clinging to the rocks and I'd be planted on their columns now that binds me Or something that somebody said because they thought we fit together walkin' It's just knowing that the world will not be cursin' or forgivin' When I walk along some railroad track and find That you're movin' on the back roads by the rivers of my mem'ry And for hours you're just gentle on my mind Though the wheet fields and the clothes lines And the junk yards and the highways come between us And some other woman 's cryin' to her mother cause she turned and I was gone I still might run in silence tears of joy might stain my face And the summer sun might burn me till I'm blind But not to where I cannot see you walking on the back roads By the rivers flowing gentle on my mind I dipped my cup of soap back from a gurglin' cracklin' caltron in some train yard My beard a roughen coal pile and a dirty hat pulled low across my face Through cupped hands round a tin can I pretend to hold you to my breast and find That you're waving from the back roads by the rivers of my mem'ry Ever you're just gentle on my mind|Rock
waylonjennings|Right Before My Eyes|You do the things that hurt me So right before my eyes Just because I love you so I overlook your lies.  Let you make a fool of me Yes, that's what I'll always be 'Cause I pretend not to see What's right before my eyes.  Everyone keeps telling me What's right before my eyes Love is blind and I can't see What's right before my eyes.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I can't make myself believe What's right before my eyes I thought your love belonged to me But now I realize.  You couldn't care and act this way There's nothing I can do or say Just watch my dream will fade away Right before my eyes.  Everyone keeps telling me What's right before my eyes Love is blind and I can't see What's right before my eyes...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lock, Stock and Teardrops|Someday I won't come running when you call The way you hurt me it's a wonder I'm still here at all Someday you'll wake up and you'll find yourself alone Lock, stock and teardrops I'll be gone.  I can't go on the way you make me live Make me cry and every time expect me to forgive Someday you'll wake up to a cold and lifted dawn Lock, stock and teardrops I'll be gone.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Someday I'll wake up find me strenght and move along Lock, stock and teardrops I'll be gone. Lock, stock and teardrops I'll be gone...|Rock
waylonjennings|I Fall in Love So Easily|You don't know what's good for you You won't leave me alone I know you've got a family Sleepin' at home.  Don't make me go out of my way don't tempt me please Don't you be so nice to me I fall in love so easily.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I'm all alone and need someone I guess that it shows But the things you make me want to do I'll regret I know.  So don't say things that you don't mean 'Cause I just might believe Don't you be so nice to me I fall in love so easily.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I'm gonna leave tonight with you Go on and have your fun I don't want to be a part Of what I might have done.  I'm tempted when I think about The things that might have been And I'll admit I'd like to try But I know I couldn't win.  And so instead I'll say goodbye I know it's time to leave 'Cause you been so nice to me And I fall in love so easily.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  'Cause you been so nice to me I fall in love so easily.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  'Cause you been so nice to me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Looking at a Heart That Needs a Home|I'm just a stranger in this town I'm just a drifter looking round I might stay a lifetime or a week It all depends if I'll find what I seek.  You're looking at a heart that needs a home And a little girl to love me and me alone One who wants a gentleman and accepts me like I am You're looking at a heart that needs a home.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I thought I had found her many times But love reserves the right to change it's mind I guess perhaps my ways are strange But without this cast I can't change.  You're looking at a heart that needs a home And a little girl to love me and me alone One who wants a gentleman and accepts me like I am You're looking at a heart that needs a home.  You're looking at a heart that needs a home...|Rock
waylonjennings|How Long Have You Been There|I've been walking in the shadows for so long That I forgot the sun could shine I've turned away from everything and everyone That wanted to be mine.  Somehow I always shut my eyes and heart To anything that I might share Now I'm standing still and I wonder How long have you been there?  Every path I've taken I've turned around And quickly closed the door It seems that all I knew if I ever stop To feel I want more.  I kept a steady run so my eyes Could never focus anywhere Now I'm standing still and I wonder How long have you been there?  How long have you been standing there Protecting me from love that shouldn't be Knowing all along that I would realize That you were meant for me.  Now, I've got to mend every broken fence And bridge that I have burned And clear away the cobwebs In my heart so I can start to learn.  For now I realize that you've been waiting Just to teach me how to care Now, I'm standing still and I wonder How long have you been there?  Now I'm standing still and I wonder How long have you been there?...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lay It Down|Travelin' down on different roads Tryin' hard to leave the load Take it there but we can't let go It's so hard to lay it down.  Back in Eden we were tried Found ourselves disatisfied Seeking wisdom that she denied Tryin' hard to lay it down.  Lay it down brother, lay it down It's so hard to lay it down.  Hide in me, confide in me Don't you think it's time to be Everything we tried to be You and me should lay it down.  Speak to me, be unashamed There's no need in playing games After all we're all the same Just tryin' hard to lay it down.  Lay it down brother, lay it down It's so hard to lay it down.  Wish my words could make it well Wish that I could break the shell Take us from myself made hell Find a way to lay it down.  Burdened by the things I've learned Hurtin' 'cause I'm too concerned Nonetheless I confess I yearn To find a way to lay it down.  Lay it down, lay it down Wish that I could lay it down...|Rock
waylonjennings|Gone to Denver|I've thought I'd take a trip to Denver And spend a little time I thought maybe out in Denver I might get you off my mind.  No want, no want go with me Just want to be alone I might find someone in Denver That can help me carry on.  Gone to Denver, gone to Denver Gone to mend a broken heart Now I was goin' and if I'm goin' I'd better be gone, gone to Denver.  Well, I've known a quiet wild Now I've been losing you And I'd rather might stay here And find out who I lost into.  Maybe I won't even miss you Like I always thought I would I've heard Denver's quite a city And a change may do me good.  Gone to Denver. gone to Denver Gone to mend a broken heart Now I was goin' and if I'm goin' I'd better be gone, gone to Denver.  Gone to Denver, gone to Denver Gone to mend a broken heart Now I was goin' and if I'm goin' I'd better be gone, gone to Denver.|Rock
waylonjennings|Good Time Charlie's Got the Blues|Everybody's gone away Said they're movin' to LA There's not a soul I know around Everybody's leavin' town.  Some caught a freight Some caught a plane Find the sunshine Leave the rain.  They say this town'll waste your mind. Must be right cause it's wastin' mine Some got to win some got to lose Good time Charlie's got the blues.  My heart keeps telling me There ain't no kid at thirty-three Play around you lose your wife You play too long you lose your life.  I got my pills to ease the pain Can't find a thing to ease the rain Sometimes I'd like to try and settle down But everybody's leavin' town.  Some got to win, some got to lose Good time Charlie's got the blues.|Rock
waylonjennings|You Can Have Her|Well, you can have her I don't want her She didn't loved me anyway She only wanted Someone to play with But all I wanted was love to stay.  The girl I love Upped and left me She ran away with my best friend Comes home at night For just an hour When daylight comes she's gone again.  You can have her I don't want her She didn't loved me anyway She only wanted Someone to play with But all I wanted was love to stay.  When you're stuck With the wrong woman There ain't that much that you can do You just dig a hole And crawl right in it Then you pull the ground right over you.  You can have her I don't want her She didn't loved me anyway She only wanted Someone to play with But all I wanted was love to stay.  Life without love Is mighty empty But confession is good for your soul I'd rather have love For just an hour Than have the world and all of its gold.  You can have her I don't want her She didn't loved me anyway She only wanted Someone to play with But all I wanted was love to stay.  Yeah, you can have her I don't want her She didn't loved me anyway She only wanted Someone to play with But all I wanted was love to stay...|Rock
waylonjennings|Pretend I Never Happened|Pretend I never happened Erase me from your mind You will not want to remember Any love as cold as mine.  I'll be leavin' in the mornin' For a place I hope I find All the place must be better Than the ones I leave behind.  I don't suppose you'll be unhappy You'll find ways to spend your time But if you ever think about me If I ever cross your mind.  Just pretend I never happened Erase me from your mind, girl You will not want to remember Any love as cold as mine.  I don't suppose you'll be unhappy You'll find ways to spend your time But if you ever think about me If I ever cross your mind.  Just pretend I never happened Erase me from your mind, girl You will not want to remember Any love as cold as mine...|Rock
waylonjennings|San Francisco Mabel Joy|His daddy was an honest man a red dirt Georgia farmer His mama lived her young life having kids and bailing hay He had fifteen years and an ache inside to wander Jumped a freight in Waycross and wound up in LA.  The cold nights had no pity on that Waycross Georgia farm boy Most days he went hungry then the summer came He met a girl known on the Strip as San Francisco's Mabel Joy Destitution's child born on an LA street called Shame.  Growing up came quietly in the arms of Mabel Joy Laughter found the mornings that brought the meaning to his life Night before she left sleep came and found that Waycross country boy With dreams of Georgia cotton and a California wife.  Sunday morning found him neath the red light at her door A right cross sent him reelin' and put him face down on the floor In place of Mabel Joy he found a merchant mad marine He said your Georgia neck is red but Sonny you're still green.  He turned twenty one in a grey rock Federal prison The judge had no mercy on this Waycross Georgia boy Starin' at those four grey walls in silnce Lord he'd listen To the midnight freight he knew could take him back to Mabel Joy.  Sunday morning found him neath the red light at her door With a bullet in his side he cried have you seen Mabel Joy Stunned and shaken someone said she don't live here no more She left this house four years ago she was lookin' for some Georgia farm boy...|Rock
waylonjennings|River Boy|I was born and raised on the river It's the only life that I know People 'round here have put a name on me And I hear it wherever I go They call me river boy, river boy Good for nothin' river boy This old world don't hold a whole lot of joy When you're nothin' but a river boy I do a lot of fishin' on the river To make my livin' you see When I take my catch to the market place The people call out to me And they say, river boy, hey river boy You got any fish today there, river boy I sell my ware, but nobody cares  About the feelin's of the river boy There's a pretty girl works at the market place I see her there everyday But when I try to talk to her  I can hear her papa say Come away from that River boy, he's a river boy Nothin' but riff-raff, them river boys No girl of mine is gonna waste her time On a good for nothin' river boy So I head my boat back up the river Back to my old fishin' place I'm afraid this ol' river's gonna overflow From the tears a-fallin' down my face I'm nothin' but a river boy, river boy A good for nothin' river boy This old world don't hold a whole lot of joy When you're nothin' but a river boy River boy, river boy A good for nothin' river boy River boy <i>[fade]</i>|Rock
waylonjennings|Sandy Sends Her Best|This letter that I'm writing would probably be The hardest thing I'll ever do But you see there's something you should know I guess I should be the one to tell you.  While you failthfuly waited for me I met someone new and I fell Though you may not wanna hear it Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well.  Sure you know as well as I Mem'ries have a way of hangin' in your mind And there's a lot about you I know I'll remember for a long, long time.  But she's the girl that I love now I guess more than I love my life itself I pray you hold your no hurt feelings Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well.  Maybe someday you'll forgive me Realize that some things happened for the best If it's any consolation after all the others Until her I loved you best.  By the time you read this letter we'll be gone I guess that's all there is to tell But before I say goodbye Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well.  I pray you hold your no hurt feelings Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Race Is On|I feel tears wellin' up cold and deep inside Like my heart's sprung a big break And the stab of loneliness, sharp and painful That I may never shake.  You might say I was taking it hard Oh, she wrote me off with a call But don't you wager that I'll hide the sorrow When I may break right down and bawl.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Well, the race is on And here comes pride up the backstretch Heartaches a-going to the inside My tears are holding back And tryin' not to fall My heart's out of the running True love's scratched for another's sake The race is on and it looks like heartaches And the winner loses all.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  One day I ventured in love, never once suspectin' What the final results would be How I lived in fear of waking up each mornin' And finding that you're gone from me.  There's aches and pain in my heart For today was the one that I hated to face Somebody new came up to win her I wound up in second place.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Well, the race is on and here comes pride Up the backstretch Heartaches a-going to the inside My tears are holding back And tryin' not to fall My heart's out of the running True love's scratched for another's sake The race is on and it looks like heartaches And the winner loses all...|Rock
waylonjennings|Me and Bobby McGee|Busted flat in Baton Rouge headed for the trains Feelin' nearly faded as my jeans Bobby thumbed a diesel down just before it rained Took us all the way to New Orleans.  I took my har'poon out of my dirty red bandana I was playin' sad while Bobby sang the blues With them windshield whipers slappin' time and Bobby clappin' hands We finally sang up ever song that driver knew.  Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose Nothin' ain't worth nothin' but it's free Feeling good was easy Lord when Bobby sang the blues Feeling it was good enough for me good enough for me and Bobby McGee.  From the coal mines of Kentucky to the California sun Bobby shared the secrets of my soul Standin' right beside me Lord through everything I done Every night she'd keep me from the cold.  Somewhere near Salinas Lord Bobby slipped away Lookin' for the home I hope she'll find I'd trade all of my tomorrows for just one yesterday Holding her body close to mine.  Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose Nothin' ain't worth nothin' but it's free Feeling good was easy Lord when Bobby sang the blues Feeling it was good enough for me good enough for me and Bobby McGee.|Rock
waylonjennings|The Real House of the Rising Sun|There is a place down in New Orleans That they call the Rising Sun And it's been the ruin for many a poor girl And my true love was one  She had filled her glass up to the brim And there for all to see She danced, she sang the whole night through For other fools like me  Ah, well, I still remember I was her only one Now dreams of love lie buried Down in the Rising Sun  With one foot on a platform And the other foot on a train I'm going back to New Orleans To wear that ball and chain  Go tell her baby sister Not to do the things she's done But shun that house down in New Orleans That they call the Rising Sun|Rock
waylonjennings|The Taker|He's a giver, he'll give her the kind Of attention that she's never known He's a helper, he'll help her to open The doors that she can't on her own.  He's a lover and he'll love her in ways That she's never been loved before He's a getter, he'll get her by gettin' her Into the world she's been hungerin' for.  He's a charmer, he'll charm her with money And manners that I never learned He's a leader, he'll lead her across Pretty bridges he's plannin' to burn.  He's a talker, he'll talk her right off of her feet But he won't talk for long 'Cause he's a doer, and he'll do her the way That I'd never, damned if he won't do her wrong.  He's a taker, he'll take her to places And make her fly higher than she's ever dared to He'll take his time before takin' advantage Takin' her easy and slow.  And after he's taken the body and soul She gives him he'll take her for granted Take off and leave her taken all of her Pride when he goes.  He's a taker, he'll take her to places And make her fly higher than she's ever dared to He'll take his time before takin' advantage Takin' her easy and slow...|Rock
waylonjennings|Just to Satisfy You|Someone's gonna get hurt before you're through Someone's gonna pay for the things you do How many hearts must break how many it's gonna take To satisfy you just to satisfy you.  Another love another fool to play your game Another love another fool they're all the same Someone's gonna get hurt before you're through Someone's gonna pay for the things you do.  You're gonna find when it's too late Heart that just won't break Just to satisfy you Just to satisfy you.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  How many hearts must break How many will it take To satisfy you Just to satisfy you.  Just to satisfy you Satisfy you Just to satisfy you.  Someone's gonna get hurt before you're through Someone's gonna pay for the things you do You're gonna find when it's too late Heart that just won't break.  Just to satisfy you. Just to satisfy you. Just to satisfy you. Satisfy you. Just to satisfy you...|Rock
waylonjennings|You'll Look for Me|There'll come a time girl you'll look for me In each horizon, in each face you see You'll look for love like love used to be There'll come a time girl you'll look for me.  Look all around you if you have the time Look at me once more if you can You once said you loved me now you've changed your mind But you'll change your mind again.  There'll come a time girl you'll look for me In each horizon, in each face you see You'll look for love like love used to be There'll come a time girl you'll look for me.  There'll come a time girl you'll look for me In each horizon, in each face you see You'll look for love like love used to be There'll come a time girl you'll look for me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Mississippi Woman|The reflections of the trees are cut by the bow of my pirogue And spattered by the paddle of my eager hand That Mississippi woman is a wavin' over yonder Wavin' her lantern for her Louisiana man.  How I love that Mississippi woman How I love that Mississippi girl How I love that Mississippi woman But her heart does not belong to me.  The lantern light and moonbeams are dancing patterns on the water She doesn't seem to realize I've learned her secret plans My jealous mind is thinking as I paddle through the sleeping alligators She don't know I know about her Louisiana man.  How I love that Mississippi woman How I love that Mississippi girl How I love that Mississippi woman But her heart does not belong to me.  The reflections of the trees are cut by the bow of my pirogue And splattered by the paddle of my shaky hand The silence from behind me is alive with the splashing alligators And the lantern light is blinking on the bottom in the sand.  How I love that Mississippi woman How I love that Mississippi girl How I love that Mississippi woman But her heart does not belong to me.  How I love that Mississippi woman How I love that Mississippi girl How I love that Mississippi woman But her heart does not belong to me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Six White Horses|Come here and look through the window over he Open up the shatters tell me watch you see Was that his knock that I heard at the door Or is it six white horses coming down the road.  Come here and touch me and say that it's all right You know that to my eyes the days are as the the nights Read again the letter that tells me that he's gone To hell with the fighting I want my son home.  I taught him to fish and I taught him to be strong Taught him that killing any man is wrong But tomorrow in battle I'd run to where he stood If the help of a blind man do any good.  Last night I went to this room for a while I touched all the things that he used as a child I rock the cradle where he used to lay I'd found these tin soldiers and threw them away.  Come here and look through the window over he Open up the shatters tell me watch you see Was that his knock that I heard at the door Or is it six white horses coming down the road...|Rock
waylonjennings|Kisses Sweeter Than Wine|Well, when I was a young man and never been kissed I got to thinkin' it over, how much I'd missed So I got me a girl and I kissed her and then And then oh Lordy, well I kissed her again.  Because she had kisses sweeter than wine She had uh, uh, kisses sweeter than wine.  Well, I asked her to marry and be my sweet wife I told her we'd be so happy for the rest of our life I begged her and pleaded like a natural man And then whups oh Lordy, well she gave me her hand.  Because she had kisses sweeter than wine...  Well, we worked very hard both me and my wife A working hand in hand to have a good life We had corn in the fields and whaet in the bins And then whups oh Lord I was the father of twins  Because she had kisses sweeter than wine She had uh, uh, kisses sweeter than wine.  Well, our children then numbered just about four And they all had the sweethearts a knockin' at the door They all got married and they wouldn't hesitate I was whups oh Lord the grandfather of eight.  Because she had kisses sweeter than wine She had uh, uh, kisses sweeter than wine.  Well, now that I'm old and ready to go We get to thinkin' what happened a long time ago Had a lotta kids a lotta trouble and pain But then whups oh Lord we'd do it all again.  Because she had kisses sweeter than wine She had uh, uh, kisses sweeter than wine...|Rock
waylonjennings|Unchained Melody|Oh my love my darling I've hungered for your touch A long lonely time Time goes by so slowly And time can do so much Are you still mine I need your love I need your love God-speed your love To me.  Lonely rivers flow to the sea, to the sea To the open arms of the sea Lonely rivers cry wait for me wait for me I'll be coming home wait for me  Oh my love my darling I've hungered for your touch Such a long lonely time Time goes by so slowly And time can do so much Are you still mine I need your love I need your love God-speed your love To me.|Rock
waylonjennings|Four Strong Winds|Four strong winds that blow lonely Seven seas that run high  All these things that don't change come what may But my good times are all gone And I'm bound for moving on I'll look for you if I'm ever back this way  I may go out to Alberta Weather's good there in the fall Got some friends that I could go to working for Still I wish you'd change your mind If I ask it one more time But we've been through that a thousand times or more  If I get there before the snow flies And things are going good You could join me if I send you down the fare But if you wait until it's winter it would do no good For the winds sure can blow cold way out there  I'll look for you if I'm ever back this way|Rock
waylonjennings|Trouble Man|I was so ugly the doctor slapped my momma when I was born Then he took out his pocket knife and cut off my horns He said, "Lady if you ain't already picked out a name Go ahead on and call him Trouble Man"  He's gonna be wild I'm giving you warning He's gotta have room Keep an eye on him  I grew up with long and lean and hungry looks I learned you can't go nowhere when you go by the book People all around me earthbound, I learned how to fly Upside, downside, outside, sailing on by  Out of my reach Out of my hands Out of control Trouble Man  I've been so far in all directions as you can get I ain't never had enough of anything yet I have women that tore me apart without any reason I say, "Baby I don't get mad I just get even"  I don't explain If you don't understand I'm my own man Trouble Man Trouble man|Rock
waylonjennings|Grapes On The Vine|There are songs that birds don't sing to people There are secrets that keep right through to the end There are heroes who hide until forever And I'm singing this song for one of them  He's the man that you passed on the road there The one with his life on the loose Going either somewhere or nowhere Going without me, without you  For he is this world's constant orphan Traveling out his lone time Living on apples from orchards Dying from grapes on the vine  You can find him in big city winters Down where the mission bell cries And sorrow echoes through summer As he tries to close all his eyes  You can find him in Pittsburgh in Christmas You can find him in Buffalo in June And he knows all the backroads between them Like the gypsy knows the moon  And it's route 22 all over again Stick your thumb out and try to look like somebody's friend Look strong at the man, gentle at the girl And puzzled at the rest of the world  Living on apples from orchards Dying from grapes on the vine|Rock
waylonjennings|Yoyos, Bozos, Bimbos And Heroes|In a world full of sadness and laughter Where we live for the now and hereafter We're all friends and strangers wondering which way to go Leaning on yoyos,bozos and bimbos and heroes.  We got all kinds of singers and preachers Crawlers and two-legged creatures Selling us sermons,and songs made for the soul Some of 'em yoyos,bozos and bimbos and heroes.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Reigning like fine politicians Dressed up in perfect disguise Pushing their science and fiction Mixing the truth with the lies.  So why we're all busy looking for answers There's one thing we all need to know The difference between yoyos, Bozos and bimbos and heroes.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Reigning like fine politicians Dressed up in perfect disguise Pushing their science and fiction Mixing the truth with the lies.  The difference between yoyos, Bozos and bimbos and heroes...|Rock
waylonjennings|How Much Is It Worth To Live In L.A.|How much is it worth to live in L.A.? That land of silk and money where the pretty people play When they itemize insanity, how much will you pay? How much is it worth to live in L.A.?  Now I'm not here to criticize or to put nobody down But they're weirding out in Hollyweird every time you turn around And when it comes to crazy, I know whereof I speak And I know where I'd be leaving if I were walking in their feet  How much is it worth to live in L.A.? That land of silk and money where the pretty people play When they itemize insanity, how much will you pay? How much is it worth to live in L.A.?  There's a freeway full of traffic going every which way People dodging bullets, crawling down the interstate They keep waiting for the big one, one tremor at a time Ain't nobody living there, it's all a state of mind  How much is it worth to live in L.A.? That land of silk and money where the pretty people play When they itemize insanity, how much will you pay? How much is it worth to live in L.A.?  How much is it worth to live in L.A.? That land of silk and money where the pretty people play When they itemize insanity, how much will you pay? How much is it worth to live in L.A.?|Rock
waylonjennings|Hey Willie|Hey Willie let's pack up and catch us a slow train And go back to Phoenix to a far brighter day Where stars were for shining in the Arizona sky And music meant more than fortune or fame  Willie, we wandered from border to border Singing our stories and living our songs Seems the farther we go, all that grows closer Is a mind full of memories we made years ago  Hey Willie let's pack up and catch us a slow train And go back to Phoenix to a far brighter day Where stars were for shining in the Arizona sky And music meant more than fortune or fame  We rolled through the towns like a bus load of gypsies Motels and hotels ain't no place to stay The favors we're taking, the money we're making Won't pay for the living,we're giving away  Hey Willie let's pack up and catch us a slow train And go back to Phoenix to a far brighter day Where stars were for shining in the Arizona sky And music meant more than fortune or fame|Rock
waylonjennings|Grey Eyes You Know|That cold north wind is blowing grey eyes you know The years are quickly going grey eyes you know And the good life I promised you so long ago Is dead but for a dreaming grey eyes you know.  We never had much money grey eyes you know More rainy days than sunny grey eyes you know And life has been a long hard road to hoe But you stuck right by me smiling grey eyes you know.  Hard times took the blue from your eyes Leaving them grey as the winter's skies We've had our talk now I must walk away Leave you here beneath this mound of clay.  And I feel so empty as I turn to go For my heart lies there beside you Grey eyes you know My heart lies there beside you Grey eyes you know...|Rock
waylonjennings|This Time|This time if you want me to come back it's up to you But remember I won't allow the things you used to do You're gonna have to toe the mark and walk the line This time will be the last time.  This time if I should feel unwanted I won't stay Each tomorrow will depend on the love you give today It's all up to you but keep in mind This time will be the last time.  If this time should be anything like the other times This time will be the last time.  If this time should be anything like the other times This time will be the last time.|Rock
waylonjennings|G.I. Joe|Well he smoked those Camel cigarettes about three packs a day Nicotine stains on his fingers when he'd stretch them out to play  That old "Midnight special" is one he loved to do Then he'd sing "I'm walking the floor over you  TV preachers and welfare checks for him just had no place But he'd take his time to tune real good when he sang "Amazing Grace"  He'd say boys I'm old and crazy but I still give a damn And I still think the boys got screwed over in Vietnam  He'd drag out that old uniform And say "they used to call me slim" He never could get it buttoned up But the pride looked good on him He still feels the way he felt Over forty years ago Here's to the old man Here's to G.I. Joe  He only sang the old songs, he's standing still in time "My Phillipino baby", right there on his mind Then he'd talk about the big one, the war we didn't lose He'd pick a little bit like Travis "Re-Enlistment blues"  He'd drag out that old uniform And say "they used to call me slim" He never could get it buttoned up But the pride looked good on him He still feels the way he felt Over forty years ago Here's to the old man Here's to G.I. Joe  Here's to my old man And all the G.I. Joe's|Rock
waylonjennings|Woman I Hate It|Woman, I hate, hate it When I wreck your alibi Woman, I hate, hate it When I catch you telling lies  I used to be your knight in silk pyjamas Now you're running back home to your Mama I don't even know why Woman I hate, hate it  Woman I hate, hate it When you brush my moves aside Woman I hate, hate it When you shoot holes through my pride  I used to be your Latin lover boy Now you treat me like a worn-out toy Your lovin' brings me no joy Woman I hate, hate it  I hate the way you run me round in circles I don't know which way to go Should I believe or should I believe me I guess I'll never know  Woman I hate, hate it When you make that step on me Woman I hate, hate it When you just won't let me be  You used to be a smilin' Mona Lisa Take the breath from everyone that meets you Now you don't even try Women I hate, hate it  I hate the way you run me round in circles I don't know which way to turn I've made mistakes but I ain't mistaken This time I think I've learnt  Women I hate, hate it And my whining days are through You're gonna hate, hate it When the tables turn on you  If I can't be your knight in shining armour Ain't don't treat me like no poor darn farmer So baby, don't even try Women I hate, hate it Women I hate, hate it|Rock
waylonjennings|Littlefield|I was born in '37, a sharecropper's son Out on the great south plains There in the suburbs of a dryland cotton patch In the middle of a west Texas rain  And for all of you folks out there in radioland  who don't know what a West Texas rain is, Well that's what's commonly known as a sandstorm Remember that, you'll need it later  I guess times were hard but livin' was easy We always found a way to survive Fried chicken and gravy and an old tune off the guitar Was enough to keep a country boy alive  And on Saturday afternoons it was Lester Pruitt's "The Picture Show" On Saturday's nights is the Grand Ol' Uproar from Nashville Tennessee, take it away boys  Lookin' back now and thinkin' it over Life was like an old country song My mama taught me the melody and daddy taught me the chords I made the words up on my own  And sometimes it didn't rhyme, but they always had a reason, Even if it was unbeknownst to no one but myself I guess all that west Texas sand in my crawl, that's what make me so mean I'd bet I was the only boy ever expelled from Sunday school Lover, fighter, wild-horse rider, and purty dern good windmill maker Look out world, here I come|Rock
waylonjennings|Pick Up the Tempo|Some people are saying that time Will take care of people like me That I'm living too fast And they say I can't last much longer.  But little they see That their thoughts of me is my saviour And little they know I might live forever.  So pick up the tempo just a little And take it on home The singer ain't singin' And the drummer's been draggin' too long.  Time'll take care of itself So just leave time alone And pick up the tempo just a little And take it on home.  I'm wild and I'm mean I'm creatin' a scene I'm goin' crazy I'm good and I'm bad And I'm happy and sad and I'm lazy.  I'm quiet and I'm loud and I'm gatherin' a crowd and I like gravy About half off the wall but I learned it all in the Navy.  So pick up the tempo just a little And take it on home The singer ain't singin' And the drummer's been draggin' too long.  Time'll take care of itself So just leave time alone And pick up the tempo just a little And take it on home.  Yeah, pick up the tempo just a little And take it on home...|Rock
waylonjennings|If Ole Hank Could Only See Us Now|If ole Hank, Could only see us now If he could see what we got goin' down We got learjets and buses, chauffeured limousines We done moved from the Ryman, and Opry's on TV I'd give a hundred dollars, if I could know somehow What'd ya think, If ole Hank, could see us now  Well Nashville's got too rich, to sing the blues They've traded in their cowboy boots for high-heeled Gucci shoes Looks like they took the music out to lunch Their ain't a decent yodel in the bunch If ole Hank, could see us now  If he could see what we got goin' down We got game shows and videos, and a lot of souvenirs From machines and synthesizers ringin' in our ears I'd give a hundred dollars, if I could know somehow What'd ya think, If ole Hank, could only see us now. (Yeah)  It's still a long hard road but you know you're at the top When the CMA awards you, for crossin' over pop I guess they finally think we've come of age Singin' through the smoke, strobe lights on the stage  If ole Hank, could only see us now If he could see what we got goin' down We got learjets and buses, chauffeured limousines We done moved from the Ryman, and Ralph Emery's on TV I'd give a hundred dollars, if I could know somehow What'd ya think, if ole Hank, could see us now  We spend two hundred thousand dollars makin' compact discs And the record never scratch and never break Ver break, ver break, ver break, ver break. (ha ha ha)|Rock
waylonjennings|Rough And Rowdy Days|You keep barrelin' on and you don't look back your mind is gone and you're losing track of who you want to be and you think you're free <i>[x2 fading out at end]</i>  when you still want more and you've done it all you're kickin' doors and climbin' walls you've gone far enough you need to straighten up <i>[x3 fading out at end]</i>  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Girl you came along and just in time to show me the way while I was wadin' through my rough and rowdy days <i>[x1 rough and rowdy days]</i>  How can you know what life's about when upside down is inside out you know you need some help you can't help yourself <i>[x2 fading out at end]</i>  <i>[Chorus x2]</i>|Rock
waylonjennings|Heaven or Hell|Sometimes it's heaven and sometimes it's hell Sometimes I don't even know Sometimes I take it as far as I can Sometimes I don't even go.  My front tracks're headin' for a cold water Well, my back tracks're covered with snow Sometimes it's heaven sometimes it's hell Sometimes I don't even know.  Heaven ain't walkin' on a street paved with gold Hell ain't a mountain of fire Heaven is layin' in my sweet baby's arms Hell is when baby ain't there.  My front tracks're headin' for a cold water Well, my back tracks're covered with snow Sometimes it's heaven sometimes it's hell Sometimes I don't even know.  (Sometimes it's heaven sometimes it's hell) (Sometimes I don't even know)...|Rock
waylonjennings|It's Not Supposed to Be That Way|It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you.  And like the other little children You're gonna dream a dream or two But be careful what you're dreamin' Or soon your dreams'll be dreamin' you.  It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you.  When you go out to play this evenin' Play with fire flies till they're gone Then you rush to meet your lover Play with real fire till the dawn.  It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you...|Rock
waylonjennings|You Deserve The Stars In My Crown|You're the one who took the time Looked for a reason to believe Five hundred pounds of <i>[?]</i> Which shines on the better side of me  More than anyone You're a part of all I say and do When it's all said and done When they remember me, they'll think of you  You always believed That's what brought me up when I was down And I do believe You deserve the stars in my crown  You always believed That's what brought me up when I was down And I do believe You deserve the stars in my crown  And I do believe You deserve the stars in my crown|Rock
waylonjennings|Turn It All Around|You can see forever standin' on a mountain top The only way to break the drop is find the long way down It's not that I'm complainin', I know I've had my day I'd just like to find a way to turn it all around  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Boots and jeans and diamond rings and limosines that I got for a song Knowin' all along the way I'll wake up one day and find it gone It's not that I'm complainin', I know I've had my day I'd just like to find a way to turn it all around  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Boots and jeans and diamond rings and limosines that I got for a song Knowin' all along the way I'll wake up one day and find it gone It's not that I'm complainin', I know i've had my day I'd just like to find a way to turn it all around|Rock
waylonjennings|Slow Movin' Outlaw|All your ol' stations are being torn down And the high flying trains no longer roar The floors're all sagging with boards a suffering From not being used anymore.  Things're all changing the world's rearranging A time that will soon be no more Where has a slow movin' Once quickdraw outlaw got to go?  The whiskey that once settled the dust And tasted so fine now taste so faint And the mem'ries that once floated out come back stronger More clearly with each drink you take.  The women that warmed you once thought So pretty now look haggard and old Where has a slow movin' Once quickdraw outlaw got to go?  The land where I travel once fashion with beauty Now stands with scars on her face The wide open spaces are closing in quickly From the ways of the whole human race.  And it's not that I blame them for claiming her bounty I just wish they're takin' it slow 'Cause where has a slow movin' Once quick draw outlaw got to go?  Where has a slow movin' Once quick draw outlaw got to go?...|Rock
waylonjennings|Mona|I can give you golden tinkling bells To even dangle through your long black hair I can give you magic satin slippers Woven just to take you anywhere.  I can give you all the love and tenderness A broken heart can spare But Mona take the love I give Don't ask for love I gave away back there.  You could take the hand of any man And show him how to dream Why do you look back into my dark And bitter past, can't you see?  Mona when you found me All I had was sad and broken dreams Mona please be satisfied walking Through tomorrow here with me.  I can give you golden tinkling bells To even dangle through your long black hair I can give you magic satin slippers Woven just to take you anywhere...|Rock
waylonjennings|If You Could Touch Her at All|Funny a woman can come on so wild and free Yet insist I don't watch her undress or watch her watch me And stand by the bed and shiver as if she were cold Just to lie down beside me and touch me as if I were gold.  One night of love don't make up for six nights alone I'd rather have one than none Lord I'm flesh and bone Though sometimes it seems she ain't worth the trouble at all She could be worth the world if somehow you can touch her at all.  Right or wrong a woman can own any man She can take him inside her and hold his soul in her hand Then leave him as weak and weary as a newborn child Fighting to get his first breath and open his eyes.  One night of love don't make up for six nights alone I'd rather have one than none Lord I'm flesh and bone Though sometimes it seems she ain't worth the trouble at all She could be worth the world if somehow you can touch her at all...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lonesome, On'ry and Mean|On a Greyhound bus Lord I'm travelin' this morning I'm goin' to Shreveport and down to New Orleans Been travlin' these highways and doin' things my way It's been making me lonesome on'ry and mean.  God her hair was jet black and her name was Bodine Thought she was the queen of the Basin Street Queens She got tired of that smoky-wine dream She began to feel lonesome on'ry and mean.  We got together and we cashed in our sweeps Gave onto beggar who was mumblin' through the streets There's no escaping from his snowy white dream On'ry and lonesome on'ry and mean.  I'm down in this valley where the wheels turn so low At dawn I pray to the Lord of my soul I say do Lord do right by me you know I'm tired of being lonesome on'ry and mean...|Rock
waylonjennings|WBPT|About fourteen miles out of Abilene At a curve in the road and a little stream I found out what love's about So long ago wonder what I found out  We all got together at the Buffalo Gap Granpa Gus ain't got no lap He went to heaven in a rocking chair What a surprise if he ain't the only one there  You've got a man over eight feet tall He can sleep in the kitchen with his feet in the hall You ain't much more than five feet two I bet you can do anything you've a mind to  This little song means nothing to you Wouldn't matter at all if you wanted it to Just part of my life and part of the show Ain't that good but I thought you might want to know|Rock
waylonjennings|Lay It Down|Travelin' down on different roads Tryin' hard to leave the load Take it there but we can't let go It's so hard to lay it down.  Back in Eden we were tried Found ourselves disatisfied Seeking wisdom that she denied Tryin' hard to lay it down.  Lay it down brother, lay it down It's so hard to lay it down.  Hide in me, confide in me Don't you think it's time to be Everything we tried to be You and me should lay it down.  Speak to me, be unashamed There's no need in playing games After all we're all the same Just tryin' hard to lay it down.  Lay it down brother, lay it down It's so hard to lay it down.  Wish my words could make it well Wish that I could break the shell Take us from myself made hell Find a way to lay it down.  Burdened by the things I've learned Hurtin' 'cause I'm too concerned Nonetheless I confess I yearn To find a way to lay it down.  Lay it down, lay it down Wish that I could lay it down...|Rock
waylonjennings|Cactus Texas|Do you remember Cactus Texas nothing but a wide place in the road Eighteen wheelers never go there main Street's just too narrow for the load A little town of honest people some we haven't seen for quite awhile I was young and restless and we both were full of dreams and running wild  We left our old hometown and family barely had a nickel to our name We were out to win the world not once looking back or losing aim We hit the big town and the big time not a lot of effort in the deal  But in the bargain we lost touch with one another and old feelings that were real  In a big house up on easy street where too much never seems to be enough We're not the same two people far away from all the days when the times were rough Including you and I is separated by a wall It's not something we can talk about in fact we seldom even talk at all  I don't think we realize how or why we ever came this far Let's go back to Cactus Texas maybe once we're there we'll find out where we are|Rock
waylonjennings|The Most Sensible Thing|I've taken chances on everything in my life Even against all the odds I've rolled the dice Count me in on any deal that comes around Right or wrong never slowed me down.  I've always loved you silent but strong Deep down in your heart you've always known It's just that I've made more mistakes than any man under the sun You're the only sensible thing I've ever done.  Never complaining back when the times were bad Even when your faith in me was all we had Loving me wasn't worth the price you paid Darling, I've been wrong this is all I can say. I've always loved you silent but strong Deep down in your heart you've always known It's just that I've made more mistakes than any man under the sun You're the only sensible thing I've ever done. You're the only sensible thing I've ever done...|Rock
waylonjennings|Gone to Denver|I've thought I'd take a trip to Denver And spend a little time I thought maybe out in Denver I might get you off my mind.  No want, no want go with me Just want to be alone I might find someone in Denver That can help me carry on.  Gone to Denver, gone to Denver Gone to mend a broken heart Now I was goin' and if I'm goin' I'd better be gone, gone to Denver.  Well, I've known a quiet wild Now I've been losing you And I'd rather might stay here And find out who I lost into.  Maybe I won't even miss you Like I always thought I would I've heard Denver's quite a city And a change may do me good.  Gone to Denver. gone to Denver Gone to mend a broken heart Now I was goin' and if I'm goin' I'd better be gone, gone to Denver.  Gone to Denver, gone to Denver Gone to mend a broken heart Now I was goin' and if I'm goin' I'd better be gone, gone to Denver.|Rock
waylonjennings|The Boxer|I am just a poor boy though my story's seldom told I have squandered my resistance For a pocketful of mumbles such are promises All lies and jests still a man hears What he wants to hear and disregards the rest. When I left my home and my family I was no more than a boy in the company of strangers In the quiet of the railway station running scared Laying low seeking out the poorer quarters Where the ragged people go Looking for the places only they would know.  Asking only workman's wages I come looking for a job but I get no offers Just a come on from the whores on Seventh Avenue I do declare there were some times when I was so lonesome And I took some comfort there.  In the clearing stands a boxer and a fighter by his trade And he carries the reminders of every glove that laid him down And cut him till he cried out in his anger and his shame I am leaving, I am leaving but the fighter still remains...|Rock
waylonjennings|Good Time Charlie's Got the Blues|Everybody's gone away Said they're movin' to LA There's not a soul I know around Everybody's leavin' town.  Some caught a freight Some caught a plane Find the sunshine Leave the rain.  They say this town'll waste your mind. Must be right cause it's wastin' mine Some got to win some got to lose Good time Charlie's got the blues.  My heart keeps telling me There ain't no kid at thirty-three Play around you lose your wife You play too long you lose your life.  I got my pills to ease the pain Can't find a thing to ease the rain Sometimes I'd like to try and settle down But everybody's leavin' town.  Some got to win, some got to lose Good time Charlie's got the blues.|Rock
waylonjennings|You Can Have Her|Well, you can have her I don't want her She didn't loved me anyway She only wanted Someone to play with But all I wanted was love to stay.  The girl I love Upped and left me She ran away with my best friend Comes home at night For just an hour When daylight comes she's gone again.  You can have her I don't want her She didn't loved me anyway She only wanted Someone to play with But all I wanted was love to stay.  When you're stuck With the wrong woman There ain't that much that you can do You just dig a hole And crawl right in it Then you pull the ground right over you.  You can have her I don't want her She didn't loved me anyway She only wanted Someone to play with But all I wanted was love to stay.  Life without love Is mighty empty But confession is good for your soul I'd rather have love For just an hour Than have the world and all of its gold.  You can have her I don't want her She didn't loved me anyway She only wanted Someone to play with But all I wanted was love to stay.  Yeah, you can have her I don't want her She didn't loved me anyway She only wanted Someone to play with But all I wanted was love to stay...|Rock
waylonjennings|Pretend I Never Happened|Pretend I never happened Erase me from your mind You will not want to remember Any love as cold as mine.  I'll be leavin' in the mornin' For a place I hope I find All the place must be better Than the ones I leave behind.  I don't suppose you'll be unhappy You'll find ways to spend your time But if you ever think about me If I ever cross your mind.  Just pretend I never happened Erase me from your mind, girl You will not want to remember Any love as cold as mine.  I don't suppose you'll be unhappy You'll find ways to spend your time But if you ever think about me If I ever cross your mind.  Just pretend I never happened Erase me from your mind, girl You will not want to remember Any love as cold as mine...|Rock
waylonjennings|Hittin' the Bottle Again|Well I don't know who or where I am I don't know who do give a damn It's a hell of a mess that I've got me in Hittin' the bottle again  I can't walk so I can't go home No need to talk cause I'm alone If I stay here they're gonna lock me in Hittin' the bottle again  Hittin' the bottle again ever than I've drunker been Or is it drunker than I've ever been hittin' the bottle again  Well I tried to quit for a wife of mine I tried to quit but I changed my mind Every once in awhile and a now and a then Hittin' the bottle again  Hittin' the bottle again...|Rock
waylonjennings|San Francisco Mabel Joy|His daddy was an honest man a red dirt Georgia farmer His mama lived her young life having kids and bailing hay He had fifteen years and an ache inside to wander Jumped a freight in Waycross and wound up in LA.  The cold nights had no pity on that Waycross Georgia farm boy Most days he went hungry then the summer came He met a girl known on the Strip as San Francisco's Mabel Joy Destitution's child born on an LA street called Shame.  Growing up came quietly in the arms of Mabel Joy Laughter found the mornings that brought the meaning to his life Night before she left sleep came and found that Waycross country boy With dreams of Georgia cotton and a California wife.  Sunday morning found him neath the red light at her door A right cross sent him reelin' and put him face down on the floor In place of Mabel Joy he found a merchant mad marine He said your Georgia neck is red but Sonny you're still green.  He turned twenty one in a grey rock Federal prison The judge had no mercy on this Waycross Georgia boy Starin' at those four grey walls in silnce Lord he'd listen To the midnight freight he knew could take him back to Mabel Joy.  Sunday morning found him neath the red light at her door With a bullet in his side he cried have you seen Mabel Joy Stunned and shaken someone said she don't live here no more She left this house four years ago she was lookin' for some Georgia farm boy...|Rock
waylonjennings|Wastin' Time|I've been thinking it over wondering what to do Up to now I've been leaving it up to you But you'll always be the way you've always been  I ain't got the time to go through that again  I've been wasting time and I'm to blame Living with things I couldn't change  And the one conclusion I've come to I've been wasting time and a lot of good love on you  I've made up my mind to make my move It's just a waste of time to wait on you I'm set to leave and you're set in your ways You can't change and if you can't I can't stay  I've been wasting time that I can't spare Wastin' love when you don't care And the one conclusion I've come to I've been wasting time and a lot of good love on you  I've been wasting time and I'm to blame...|Rock
waylonjennings|Kissing You Goodbye|I've learned to turn the other cheek is not what love's about I've turned mine so many times that I damned near wore 'em out I've grown used to your abuse and I thought I'd never quit But I woke up this morning couldn't find my shiv a git  You've always liked to play your games well I got one for you Pretend we're playing checkers girl and it's your time to move You'll find your suitcase on the porch and the taxi in the drive So get your tongue out of my mouth I'm kissing you goodbye  I see you've finally made it home you been out all night Your artificial hair's a mess and your clothes don't fit you right I've given and forgiven till there ain't nothing left But all you gave was just enough to satisfy yourself  I can smell that whisky in your hair and sen-sen on your breath If you ever tried to tell the truth you'd choke yourself to death I don't want your nasty kisses and don't tell me no more lies Get your tongue out of my mouth I'm kissing you goodbye Get your tongue out of my mouth I'm kissing you goodbye|Rock
waylonjennings|Carnival Song|I've been quite the traveler ever since I hit the road And the Sullen county carnival has been my earn in gold I've been quite alone since I remember when I turned my ultimatums into chips and cashed them in  I used to run the Ferris wheel but that'd be hard to prove I can't stand to see a rolling wheel propped up so it can't move I used to run the carousel hell that's just round and round Never liked to see them ponies painted up and bolted down  The only thing that keeps me from staying here is leaving The only thing that saves me from it all is I'll be gone Just when I could trust in all the things that I believe in I had to pack it up and move along And I'll tell you the boys I'm not the only one  I was a straight man at the ring toss but that was just a jaunt I can't see throwing rings around things you don't really want I could run the roller coaster but that might break my heart So much hard travelin' just to wind up where you start  Now I just work the gateway and I'm pretty satisfied Little booth is red and blue and I just sit inside I just take your money and give tickets out in trade Think about my life and all the promises I made  The only thing that keeps me from staying here is leaving... Who's running from the things they've left undone|Rock
waylonjennings|Out of Jail|I sat at a bar having a beer Trying to hold down the stool When a stranger walked in stood there beside me And plopped down there like a fool. He started drinking then he started talking About things that were wrong in his life The more that I heard the more I believed The thing that was wrong was his wife. You talk about beauty when we first met She was all a man could desire Talk about love one night with her Would set your very soul on fire. But loves little flame is out of control About three feet high from behind Ever since we've been married well, I've come to believe That love's for the dumb and the blind. 'Cause you talk about ugly when she gets mad She goes from Jekill to Hyde She grits her teeth and her eyes roll back And pivot from side to side. She completely rewrites the whole English language Descriptive four lettered and loud Now I can't out think her but I can sure out drink her And that's what I'm doing here now. I've spent seven years with the wrong woman Seven and going on eight She spent seven years naggin' and eatin' I'm overwrought and she's overweight. If I try leavin' she has me arrested And takes her own sweet time gettin' me out If she ain't number one she's in the top two Of things that I could live without. Men commit murder and all kinds of mayhem In a few years they're back on the streets Highway robbery and white collar crime And they laugh at the system they beat. Sometimes I'm tempted sometimes I'm ashamed Of the things that the law will allow I could have killed her when I first met her And I'd have been out of jail by now. I could have killed her when we first met And I've have been out of jail by now...|Rock
waylonjennings|Sandy Sends Her Best|This letter that I'm writing would probably be The hardest thing I'll ever do But you see there's something you should know I guess I should be the one to tell you.  While you failthfuly waited for me I met someone new and I fell Though you may not wanna hear it Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well.  Sure you know as well as I Mem'ries have a way of hangin' in your mind And there's a lot about you I know I'll remember for a long, long time.  But she's the girl that I love now I guess more than I love my life itself I pray you hold your no hurt feelings Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well.  Maybe someday you'll forgive me Realize that some things happened for the best If it's any consolation after all the others Until her I loved you best.  By the time you read this letter we'll be gone I guess that's all there is to tell But before I say goodbye Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well.  I pray you hold your no hurt feelings Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lines|I want to be free from the noise of the grind So I live on the outskirts of the back of my mind With a strong hand a songman and God on my side I'm writing that freedom a line at a time  On the highway to nowhere that runs through my mind A yellow line stretches out into the night Broken in places it's my guiding light So I'm writing that freedom a line at a time  I'm walking a fine line between wrong and right I can live with the problems of this day and time Consider me lucky cause I'll be all right In my mind I'm having a beautiful life  I'm lost in the feelings of this heart of mine In search of the border of infinite time And I find peace of mind in the songs and their rhymes So I'm writing my freedom a line at a time|Rock
waylonjennings|Deep in the West|Deep in the west where the tall mountains grow I've gone home Where the heavens above turn red from the fire down below Are you listening to me when I'm talking to you Said together we're one divided we're through Divided we're through  Silver friend at night yellow friend you come with the dawn Back in my heart I've been drying my eyes see me run So you hang on to me and I'll hang on to you Said together we're one divided we're through Divided we're through  Refusing to talk I suppose that it's all for love's sake And learning to give that's important before you can take from me Are you listening to me when I'm talking to you Said together we're one divided we're through  So you hang on to me and I'll hang on to you Said together we're one divided we're through Divided we're through|Rock
waylonjennings|Right for the Time|Almost out of adolescence and into a world we didn't know Not necessaryly love but in trouble with a fire down below Looking back for a feeling it's just something far away and long ago I can still recall the name but she's really someone I don't even know  But she was right for the time She was right for the time but time has a way of moving on  I do recall a gypsy lady and a younger man in over his head I was her believer taken in by every loving word she said It was there for the first time the sweet and the bitter taste of love When you're young and alive too much never seems to be enough  It seems the young and the innocent are drawn like a moth to a flame To the wild and the reckless believing they are one in the same She never found a way to separate the good from the bad And she never understood that love was all we ever really had  She was right for the time but time has a way of moving on With her eyes on tomorrow one day she turned around and I was gone I'd have to say in a way she just might be better off alone She was right for the time but time has a way of moving on|Rock
waylonjennings|I've Always Been Crazy|I've always been crazy and the trouble that it's put me through I've been busted for things that I did, and I didn't do I can't say I'm proud of all of the things that I've done But I can say I've never intentionally hurt anyone  I've always been different with one foot over the line	 Winding up somewhere one step ahead or behind It ain't been so easy but I guess I shouldn't complain I've always been crazy but it's kept me from going insane  Beautiful lady are you sure that you understand	 The chances your taking loving a free living man Are you really sure you really want what you see Be careful of something that's just what you want it to be  I've always been crazy but it's kept me from going insane Nobody knows if it's something to bless or to blame So far I ain't found a rhyme or a reason to change I've always been crazy but it's kept me from going insane|Rock
waylonjennings|Don't You Think This Outlaw Bit's Done Got Out of Hand|I'm for the law and order the way it should be This song's about the night they spent protecting you from me Someone called us outlaws in some old magazine And New York sent a posse down like I ain't ever seen Don't you think this outlaw bit's done got out of hand What started out to be a joke the law don't understand Was it singing through my nose that got me busted by the man Maybe this here outlaw bit's done got out of hand out of hand  We were wrapped up in our music that's why we never saw The car pulls up the boys get out and the room fills up with law They came boundin' through the backdoor in the middle of a song They got me for possession for something that was gone long gone Don't you think this outlaw... Don't you think this outlaw bit's done got out of hand|Rock
waylonjennings|Billy|Billy we've come along way together and through it all You've been just like a brother to me And Billy we've had our share of ups and downs Froze our tails sleeping on the ground When the jobs were few and far between.  We've been knocking around together so long Singing them same old songs Been out in the rain so long I swear we're shrinking Billy lately I have done some thinking.  When I look back on our lives We've sure had ourself a time But you know it's been a wild world we traveled And it's startin' to unravel.  We leave so many loose ends behind We've been bucked off and kicked so many times And the ground just keeps gettin' harder Billy you know well as I we ain't gettin' no younger.  Billy another summer's come and gone Now with winter coming on I know we planned on heading south But Billy I thought about it several days And these words I'm about to say.  They don't taste good in my mouth But there's someone who's waiting back home Lord, if she'll still have me Guess I'll be saying so long you go on without me.  Ain't no easy way of saying goodbye So be sure and tell 'em all down in Texas I said hi...|Rock
waylonjennings|A Long Time Ago|I don't look the way the average cowboy singer looks I'll admit I've taken things I never should of took You can read a different story in a lot of different books But even then you won't really know How it was a long time ago  Women have been my trouble since I found out they weren't men In spite of that I stopped and took a wife now and then They built their fences high but they couldn't hold me in I was born with a fire down below And I learned to fly a long time ago  Don't ask me about the years I spent out in the rain About the ones I spent in love or the ones I spent insane Don't ask me who I gave my seat to on that plane I think you already know I told you that a long time ago  Me and ol' Willie, lordy we've been sold and bought I guess y'all heard about some kind of system that we fought We ain't the only outlaws just the only ones they caught They tried to run us off but Willie's slow I quit running a long time ago|Rock
waylonjennings|As the 'Billy World Turns|You get a pen and I'll get a paper We're gonna write ourselves a song We'll drive the poetics crazy I don't think the damn thing's gonna rhyme.  I got a friend and I think he's goofy I guess he thinks the same about me Guess it really takes one to know one And you look like an old friend of mine.  Out all night and acting crazy I've been up for two whole days Turn me over and roll me over Wind me up for one more rhyme.  Well, he called me friend and he called me brother I called him back but he was gone He took my songs and he took my money But the jokes on him he's the friend of a fool Of a fool, of a fool.  You get a pen and I'll get a paper We're gonna write ourselves a song We'll drive the poetics crazy I don't think the damn thing's gonna rhyme...|Rock
waylonjennings|Medley of Buddy Holly Hits|Well All Right Well all right, so I'm bein' foolish Well all right let people know About the dreams and wishes you wish And the night when lights are low.  Well all right, well all right We'll live in love with all our might Well all right, well all right Our lifetime love will be all right.  Well all right, well all right We'll live in love with all our might Well all right, well all right Our lifetime love will be all right.  It's So Easy It's so easy to fall in love It's so easy to fall in love.  Look into your heart and see What your love would set a part of me It sems so easy, oh, so go on easy Mhm, it seem so easy, oh, you concern my heart at whirl.  It's so easy to fall in love It's so easy to fall in love.  Maybe Baby Maybe baby, I'll have you, Maybe baby, you'll be true Maybe baby, I'll have you for me It's funny honey, you don't care You never listen to my prayer Maybe baby, you'll love me someday  Well, you are the one that makes me glad And you are the one that makes me sad Well, someday you want me, you will I'll be there to wait and see.  Maybe baby, I'll have you Maybe baby, you'll be true Maybe baby, you'll love me some day  Peggy Sue If you knew Peggy Sue Then you'd know how I feel blue About Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you gal And I need you Peggy Sue.  I love you, Peggy Sue With the love so right and true Oh Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you gal And I need you Peggy Sue.  Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, Peggy Sue Oh Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you gal And I need you Peggy Sue.  Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, Peggy Sue Oh Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you gal And I need you Peggy Sue...|Rock
waylonjennings|Me and Bobby McGee|Busted flat in Baton Rouge headed for the trains Feelin' nearly faded as my jeans Bobby thumbed a diesel down just before it rained Took us all the way to New Orleans.  I took my har'poon out of my dirty red bandana I was playin' sad while Bobby sang the blues With them windshield whipers slappin' time and Bobby clappin' hands We finally sang up ever song that driver knew.  Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose Nothin' ain't worth nothin' but it's free Feeling good was easy Lord when Bobby sang the blues Feeling it was good enough for me good enough for me and Bobby McGee.  From the coal mines of Kentucky to the California sun Bobby shared the secrets of my soul Standin' right beside me Lord through everything I done Every night she'd keep me from the cold.  Somewhere near Salinas Lord Bobby slipped away Lookin' for the home I hope she'll find I'd trade all of my tomorrows for just one yesterday Holding her body close to mine.  Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose Nothin' ain't worth nothin' but it's free Feeling good was easy Lord when Bobby sang the blues Feeling it was good enough for me good enough for me and Bobby McGee.|Rock
waylonjennings|I Walk the Line|I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the ties that bind Because you're mine I walk the line.  I find it very, very easy to be true I find myself by myself when each day is through I'll admit that I'm a fool for you Because you're mine I walk the line.  I'll admit that I'm a fool for you Because you're mine, let me, I walk in the line.  I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Taker|He's a giver, he'll give her the kind Of attention that she's never known He's a helper, he'll help her to open The doors that she can't on her own.  He's a lover and he'll love her in ways That she's never been loved before He's a getter, he'll get her by gettin' her Into the world she's been hungerin' for.  He's a charmer, he'll charm her with money And manners that I never learned He's a leader, he'll lead her across Pretty bridges he's plannin' to burn.  He's a talker, he'll talk her right off of her feet But he won't talk for long 'Cause he's a doer, and he'll do her the way That I'd never, damned if he won't do her wrong.  He's a taker, he'll take her to places And make her fly higher than she's ever dared to He'll take his time before takin' advantage Takin' her easy and slow.  And after he's taken the body and soul She gives him he'll take her for granted Take off and leave her taken all of her Pride when he goes.  He's a taker, he'll take her to places And make her fly higher than she's ever dared to He'll take his time before takin' advantage Takin' her easy and slow...|Rock
waylonjennings|You'll Look for Me|There'll come a time girl you'll look for me In each horizon, in each face you see You'll look for love like love used to be There'll come a time girl you'll look for me.  Look all around you if you have the time Look at me once more if you can You once said you loved me now you've changed your mind But you'll change your mind again.  There'll come a time girl you'll look for me In each horizon, in each face you see You'll look for love like love used to be There'll come a time girl you'll look for me.  There'll come a time girl you'll look for me In each horizon, in each face you see You'll look for love like love used to be There'll come a time girl you'll look for me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Mississippi Woman|The reflections of the trees are cut by the bow of my pirogue And spattered by the paddle of my eager hand That Mississippi woman is a wavin' over yonder Wavin' her lantern for her Louisiana man.  How I love that Mississippi woman How I love that Mississippi girl How I love that Mississippi woman But her heart does not belong to me.  The lantern light and moonbeams are dancing patterns on the water She doesn't seem to realize I've learned her secret plans My jealous mind is thinking as I paddle through the sleeping alligators She don't know I know about her Louisiana man.  How I love that Mississippi woman How I love that Mississippi girl How I love that Mississippi woman But her heart does not belong to me.  The reflections of the trees are cut by the bow of my pirogue And splattered by the paddle of my shaky hand The silence from behind me is alive with the splashing alligators And the lantern light is blinking on the bottom in the sand.  How I love that Mississippi woman How I love that Mississippi girl How I love that Mississippi woman But her heart does not belong to me.  How I love that Mississippi woman How I love that Mississippi girl How I love that Mississippi woman But her heart does not belong to me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Six White Horses|Come here and look through the window over he Open up the shatters tell me watch you see Was that his knock that I heard at the door Or is it six white horses coming down the road.  Come here and touch me and say that it's all right You know that to my eyes the days are as the the nights Read again the letter that tells me that he's gone To hell with the fighting I want my son home.  I taught him to fish and I taught him to be strong Taught him that killing any man is wrong But tomorrow in battle I'd run to where he stood If the help of a blind man do any good.  Last night I went to this room for a while I touched all the things that he used as a child I rock the cradle where he used to lay I'd found these tin soldiers and threw them away.  Come here and look through the window over he Open up the shatters tell me watch you see Was that his knock that I heard at the door Or is it six white horses coming down the road...|Rock
waylonjennings|Casey's Last Ride|Casey joins the hollow sound Of silent people walkin' down The stairway to the subway In the shadows down below.  Following their footsteps Through the neon darkened corridors Of silent desperation Never speaking to a soul.  The poison air he's breathing Has the dirty smell of dyin' 'Cause it's never seen the sunshine And it's never felt the rain.  Casey minds the arrows And ignores the fatal echoes Of the clicking of the turn stops And the rattle of his chains.  Oh, she said, Casey it's been So long since I've seen you Here she said just a kiss To make a body smile.  See she said I've put on New stocking just to please you Lord, she said. Casey Can you only stay a while?  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Casey leaves the underground And stops inside the Golden Crown For something wet To wipe away the chill that's in his bones.  Seeing his reflection In the lives of all the lonely men Who reach for anything they can To keep from goin' home.  Standing in the corner Casey drinks his final bitter Never glancing in the mirror At the people passing by.  Then he stumbles as he's leavin' And he wonders if the reason Is the beer that's in his belly Or the tear that's in his eye.  Oh, she said, I suppose You seldom think about me Now she said, now That you've a family of your own.  Still she said it's So blessed good to feel your body Lord, she said, Casey It's a shame to be alone. hmm...|Rock
waylonjennings|Grey Eyes You Know|That cold north wind is blowing grey eyes you know The years are quickly going grey eyes you know And the good life I promised you so long ago Is dead but for a dreaming grey eyes you know.  We never had much money grey eyes you know More rainy days than sunny grey eyes you know And life has been a long hard road to hoe But you stuck right by me smiling grey eyes you know.  Hard times took the blue from your eyes Leaving them grey as the winter's skies We've had our talk now I must walk away Leave you here beneath this mound of clay.  And I feel so empty as I turn to go For my heart lies there beside you Grey eyes you know My heart lies there beside you Grey eyes you know...|Rock
waylonjennings|This Time|This time if you want me to come back it's up to you But remember I won't allow the things you used to do You're gonna have to toe the mark and walk the line This time will be the last time.  This time if I should feel unwanted I won't stay Each tomorrow will depend on the love you give today It's all up to you but keep in mind This time will be the last time.  If this time should be anything like the other times This time will be the last time.  If this time should be anything like the other times This time will be the last time.|Rock
waylonjennings|Whistlers and Jugglers|You take the lady...I'll take the lesson I can't say that anyone's...Doin' me wrong Cause I always knew....That the girl had a weakness For whistlers and jugglers....and singers of songs  Now she was a child...Back when I first met her And the woman inside her...Was just bein' born And I knew she'd come with me...Cause she had a fever For whistlers and jugglers...and singers of songs.  And the whistler will whistle her...A song she can dance to And jugglers will cheer her...When she starts to cry The singer will sing her.....A bed of red roses Where she might let you....lie by her side  She'll laugh in the face...of the wealthy and famous And you'll never lose her..To the handsome or strong But all of your life son...Watch over your shoulder For whistlers and jusgglers...and singers of songs..  <i>[Repeat the chorus]</i>|Rock
waylonjennings|Pick Up the Tempo|Some people are saying that time Will take care of people like me That I'm living too fast And they say I can't last much longer.  But little they see That their thoughts of me is my saviour And little they know I might live forever.  So pick up the tempo just a little And take it on home The singer ain't singin' And the drummer's been draggin' too long.  Time'll take care of itself So just leave time alone And pick up the tempo just a little And take it on home.  I'm wild and I'm mean I'm creatin' a scene I'm goin' crazy I'm good and I'm bad And I'm happy and sad and I'm lazy.  I'm quiet and I'm loud and I'm gatherin' a crowd and I like gravy About half off the wall but I learned it all in the Navy.  So pick up the tempo just a little And take it on home The singer ain't singin' And the drummer's been draggin' too long.  Time'll take care of itself So just leave time alone And pick up the tempo just a little And take it on home.  Yeah, pick up the tempo just a little And take it on home...|Rock
waylonjennings|Rainy Day Woman|Oh rainy day woman I've never seem to see you for the good times or the sunshine You have been a friend of mine,rainy day woman  That woman of mine she ain't happy Unless she finds something wrong and has someone to blame If it ain't one thing it's another one on the way  Oh rainy day woman I've never seem to see you for the good times or the sunshine You have been a friend of mine,rainy day woman  I woke up this morning to the sunshine It sure as hell looks just like rain I know where to go on a cloudy day  <i>[Chorus x2]</i>|Rock
waylonjennings|Cloudy Days|Dark cloud hangin' over me When will it go away Rain is in my eyes and I can't see Life's become just cloudy days.  Why she's done me like she's done I guess I'll never know She knows I need her more than anyone I've made a point to let it show.  Cloudy days, don't the sun ever shine anymore Stormy weather, will you always be around When I'm down I can't stand cloudy days.  I recall the time when times were good Lord, they seem so long ago But you know they say if rain don't come Then love has no chance to grow.  Cloudy days, don't the sun ever shine anymore Stormy weather, will you always be around When I'm down I can't stand cloudy days.|Rock
waylonjennings|Midnight Rider|I gotta run to keep from hidin' I'm bound to keep on a ridin' I got one more silver dollar I ain't gonna let 'em catch me No I ain't gonna let 'em catch A midnight rider.  Well, these ain't my clothes I'm wearin' This old road goes on forever I got one more silver dollar I ain't gonna let 'em catch me No I ain't gonna let 'em catch A midnight rider.  I've gone by the point of carin' Some old bed I'll soon be sharin' I got one more silver dollar I ain't gonna let 'em catch me No I ain't gonna let 'em catch A midnight rider.  I ain't gonna let 'em catch me No I ain't gonna let 'em catch A midnight rider...|Rock
waylonjennings|Oklahoma Sunshine|New York woman tryin' to make me love her A sad eyed girl with rollers in her hair Down the hall somebody's cooking cabbage Kids're running up and down the stairs.  I'd like to leave this God forsaken city But I can't go no matter how I try But once again I'll be in Oklahoma tonight When I lay down and close my eyes.  I'll be standing in that Oklahoma sunshine Just got off a bus from another world Kissing mom and shaking hands with papa Dryin' the tears of an Oklahoma girl.  Standing in that Oklahoma sunshine A dream that I have dreamed so many times The blue eyed girl with the golden hair still loves me When I go back to Oklahoma in my mind.  When the cold wind blows in this big city A part of me flies home to where it's warm New York woman thinks that I'm still with her Just because I'm sleeping in her arms.  But I'll be standing in that Oklahoma sunshine A dream that I have dreamed so many times The blue eyed girl with the golden hair still loves me When I go back to Oklahoma in my mind.  Oh, I'll be standing in that Oklahoma sunshine Just got off a bus from another world...|Rock
waylonjennings|Heaven or Hell|Sometimes it's heaven and sometimes it's hell Sometimes I don't even know Sometimes I take it as far as I can Sometimes I don't even go.  My front tracks're headin' for a cold water Well, my back tracks're covered with snow Sometimes it's heaven sometimes it's hell Sometimes I don't even know.  Heaven ain't walkin' on a street paved with gold Hell ain't a mountain of fire Heaven is layin' in my sweet baby's arms Hell is when baby ain't there.  My front tracks're headin' for a cold water Well, my back tracks're covered with snow Sometimes it's heaven sometimes it's hell Sometimes I don't even know.  (Sometimes it's heaven sometimes it's hell) (Sometimes I don't even know)...|Rock
waylonjennings|It's Not Supposed to Be That Way|It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you.  And like the other little children You're gonna dream a dream or two But be careful what you're dreamin' Or soon your dreams'll be dreamin' you.  It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you.  When you go out to play this evenin' Play with fire flies till they're gone Then you rush to meet your lover Play with real fire till the dawn.  It's not supposed to be that way You're supposed to know I love you But it don't matter anyway If I can't be there to console you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Slow Movin' Outlaw|All your ol' stations are being torn down And the high flying trains no longer roar The floors're all sagging with boards a suffering From not being used anymore.  Things're all changing the world's rearranging A time that will soon be no more Where has a slow movin' Once quickdraw outlaw got to go?  The whiskey that once settled the dust And tasted so fine now taste so faint And the mem'ries that once floated out come back stronger More clearly with each drink you take.  The women that warmed you once thought So pretty now look haggard and old Where has a slow movin' Once quickdraw outlaw got to go?  The land where I travel once fashion with beauty Now stands with scars on her face The wide open spaces are closing in quickly From the ways of the whole human race.  And it's not that I blame them for claiming her bounty I just wish they're takin' it slow 'Cause where has a slow movin' Once quick draw outlaw got to go?  Where has a slow movin' Once quick draw outlaw got to go?...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Hunger|They said in her younger days Her beauty was enough to drive men wild But the hunger in her body then Was not the hunger of some lonely child. Like a butterfly in springtime Searching every field for loving's sweetest rose The embrace of many strangers Still could not release her from the hold. In the backstreets and the bedrooms All she's found is disappointments bitterly While the love that she's too often found Was enough to satisfy her needs. She's older than the years she holds And ageing fast with each day passing by On a downhill run to nowhere 'Cause the hunger never can be satisfied. The reflection in her mirror's not the image She remembers in her mind Her beauty has been eaten by the hunger And the acid winds of time. She has danced the tune her demons played And payed the piper dearly for his song Empty now of all her pride but still inside Her hunger's just as strong.  They said in her younger days Her beauty was enough to drive men wild But the hunger in her body then Was not the hunger of some lonely child...|Rock
waylonjennings|I Can't Keep My Hands Off of You|You know I can't stand to be around you 'Cause you know I'm still in love with you And my arms keep reaching to do What my thoughts do all the time I just can't keep my hands off of you.  'Cause it's like looking at heaven while I'm standing in hell We shared something precious for a while You look just like a baby in a cradle to me I just can't keep my hands off of you.  Woman you've got the man inside my body Trembling the way only you know how to And I guess that's just one of a million reasons I just can't keep my hands off of you.  'Cause it's like looking at heaven while I'm standing in hell We shared something precious for a while You look just like a baby in a cradle to me I just can't keep my hands off of you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Mona|I can give you golden tinkling bells To even dangle through your long black hair I can give you magic satin slippers Woven just to take you anywhere.  I can give you all the love and tenderness A broken heart can spare But Mona take the love I give Don't ask for love I gave away back there.  You could take the hand of any man And show him how to dream Why do you look back into my dark And bitter past, can't you see?  Mona when you found me All I had was sad and broken dreams Mona please be satisfied walking Through tomorrow here with me.  I can give you golden tinkling bells To even dangle through your long black hair I can give you magic satin slippers Woven just to take you anywhere...|Rock
waylonjennings|Memories of You and I|I thought to leave your bed For the street was as simple as saying goodbye I couldn't see how blind a man can be Lord, how quickly life can fly.  As the lines in my face grow deeper And the well of my soul runs dry I find that I drink more and more From the memories of you and I.  The taste of fame is fire to me no more The tension and hunger are gone All I have left are money in the game I'm a prisoner too low I'm on.  As the lines in my face grow deeper And the well of my soul runs dry I find that I drink more and more From the memories of you and I.|Rock
waylonjennings|It'll Be Her|If anyone ever finds a better way to love It'll be her lovin' me If anyone ever goes out of their way to show they care It'll be her lovin' me.  She's every woman I've ever known rolled up in one If I'm ever loved any more she'll be the one To get it done the way it should be It'll be her lovin' me.  If ever I'm down and out and need someone to love It'll be her lovin' me When everyone else is cold and I need someone warm to hold It'll be her lovin' me.  She's every woman I've ever known rolled up in one If I'm ever loved any more she'll be the one To get it done the way it should be It'll be her lovin' me.  She's every woman I've ever known rolled up in one If I'm ever loved any more she'll be the one To get it done the way it should be It'll be her lovin' me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Amanda|I've held it all inward, God knows, I've tried, But it's an awful awakening in a country boy's life, To look in the mirror in total surprise. At the hair on my shoulders and the age in my eyes.   Amanda, light of my life. Fate should have made you a gentleman's wife. Amanda, light of my life.  Fate should have made you a gentleman's wife.  It's a measure of people who don't understand, The pleasures of life in a hillbilly band. I got my first guitar when I was fourteen,  Well I finally made forty, still wearing jeans.  Amanda, light of my life. Fate should have made you a gentleman's wife. Amanda, light of my life.  Fate should have made you a gentleman's wife.|Rock
waylonjennings|Walkin'|After carefully considerin' the whole situation I stand with my back to the wall Walkin' is better than runnin' away And crawlin' ain't no good at all.  If guilty's the question, truth is the answer I've been lyin' to me all alone There ain't nothin' worth savin' except one another And before you'll wake up I'll be gone.  'Cause after carefully considerin' the whole situation And I stand with my back to the wall Walkin' is better than runnin' away And crawlin' ain't no good at all.  Mhm, mhm, walkin' is better than runnin' away And crawlin' ain't no good at all...|Rock
waylonjennings|If You Could Touch Her at All|Funny a woman can come on so wild and free Yet insist I don't watch her undress or watch her watch me And stand by the bed and shiver as if she were cold Just to lie down beside me and touch me as if I were gold.  One night of love don't make up for six nights alone I'd rather have one than none Lord I'm flesh and bone Though sometimes it seems she ain't worth the trouble at all She could be worth the world if somehow you can touch her at all.  Right or wrong a woman can own any man She can take him inside her and hold his soul in her hand Then leave him as weak and weary as a newborn child Fighting to get his first breath and open his eyes.  One night of love don't make up for six nights alone I'd rather have one than none Lord I'm flesh and bone Though sometimes it seems she ain't worth the trouble at all She could be worth the world if somehow you can touch her at all...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Last Letter|Why do you treat me as if I were only a friend What have I done that has made you so distant and cold Sometimes I wonder if you'll be contented again Will you be happy when you are withered and old.  I can't offer you diamonds or mansions so fine And I can't offer you clothes your young body crave But if you'd love me and say that you'll always be mine Think of the heartaches the tears and the sorrow, you'll save honey.  When you are weary and tired of another man's gold If you ever get lonesome remember this letter my own But don't try to answer though I've suffered sorrow untold If you don't love me I wish you would leave me alone...|Rock
waylonjennings|WBPT|About fourteen miles out of Abilene At a curve in the road and a little stream I found out what love's about So long ago wonder what I found out  We all got together at the Buffalo Gap Granpa Gus ain't got no lap He went to heaven in a rocking chair What a surprise if he ain't the only one there  You've got a man over eight feet tall He can sleep in the kitchen with his feet in the hall You ain't much more than five feet two I bet you can do anything you've a mind to  This little song means nothing to you Wouldn't matter at all if you wanted it to Just part of my life and part of the show Ain't that good but I thought you might want to know|Rock
waylonjennings|Money Cannot Make the Man|So long I've been trying to give you the things that you've wanted But your thirst for riches is more than my pockets can stand And I know that you're dreaming of things you could have with another 'Cause to your way of thinking the money is what makes the man.  You like to be seen in the richest and finest of places You're always embarrassed by the callouses here on my hands And I know that it's only a matter of time till you leave me 'Cause to your way of thinking the money is what makes the man.  You may find a rich man to give you the things that you long for But if you're still lonely then darling you may understand That with all of his gold he can't give you the love that I gave you For a man can make money but money cannot make the man.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  You may find a rich man to give you the things that you long for But if you're still lonely then darling you may understand That with all of his gold he can't give you the love that I gave you For a man can make money but money cannot make the man.  A man can make money but money cannot make the man...|Rock
waylonjennings|Young Widow Brown|That Jimmy Brown died at just 25 And they lowered him under the ground Right at his head was a mark that had read I leave the world young widow Brown.  He left her for me now it's plain to see Just why old Jim ain't around I know that I've tried but the man ain't alive That can keep up with young widow Brown.  That woman she's crazy if she thinks That I'll just keep on a hanging around I'd leave in a minute 'cept for one thing That one thing is young widow Brown.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  In her high steppin' style she's a goin' hog wild This night life is a whoopin' me down But if I lose a place then I'm out of the race For kisses from young widow Brown.  I must be gettin' old my walk's gettin' slow Just barely can make it around I work night and day spend all of my pay On pretties for young widow Brown.  That woman she's crazy if she thinks That I'll just keep on a hanging around I'd leave in a minute 'cept for one thing That one thing is young widow Brown...|Rock
waylonjennings|You've Got to Hide Your Love Away|Here I stand hand in hand Turning my face to the wall If she's gone I can't go on With no love at all.  Everywhere people stare Each and every day I can see them laugh at me I can hear them say.  You've got to hide your love away. You've got to hide your love away.  How can I even try, I can never win Hearin' them, seein' them in the state I'm in How could she say to me love will find a way Gather round all you clowns let me hear you say.  You've got to hide your love away. You've got to hide your love away...|Rock
waylonjennings|Love of the Common People|Livin' on free food, tickets Water in the milk from the hole in the roof Where the rain came through What can you do? hmm  Tears from little sister cryin' 'Cause she doesn't have a dress without a patch For the party to go Oh, but you know she'll get by.  She is livin' in the love of the common people Smiles from the heart of the family man Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can.  It's a good thing you don't have the bus fare It would fall through the hole in your pocket And you'd lose it in the snow on the ground A walking to town to find a job.  Trying to keep your hands warm But the hole in your shoe let the snow come through And it chills to the bone, boy You'd better go home where it's warm.  Where you can live in the love of the common people Smiles from the heart of the family man Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can.  Livin' on dreams ain't easy But the closer the knit the tighter the fit And the chills stay away You take 'em in stride family pride.  You know that faith is your foundation  And with a whole lotta love and a warm conversation And plenty of prayer Making you strong where you belong.  Where you can live in the love of the common people Smiles from the heart of the family man Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can...|Rock
waylonjennings|I Tremble for You|This world that I live in is empty and cold The loneliness cuts me and tortures my soul I'm no child of destiny and no fortune's son I've just chased you so long now I'm too weak to run.  A new day is here but nothing is new Alone in my room I tremble for you.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I know I'll return to the backstreets again To find what I need to prove I'm a man And there I'll treat shame like an old friend from home That I can lean on till my mis'ry is gone.  A new day is here and nothing is new I'm a picture of weakness as I tremble for you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Destiny's Child|Surely you know by now my heart is wild I don't wanna be tied down it ain't my style Don't you think I know very well this kind of attitude is selfish  Well, I can't help it I'm destiny's child.  I couldn't began to tell you if I tried It meant so much to love you for a little while Try to remember all of the good love I wish you understood love.  I ain't no good love I'm destiny's child Destiny's child, destiny's child.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I gotta be on my way, now please don't cry Gotta be somewhere else I don't know why Keep thinkin' of all I'm losin' I know your lips're soothin' I gotta be movin' I'm destiny's child.  I must wish you well and say goodbye I wish you moons and stars and sunny skies You gave me so much to believe in My life has a little more meanin'.  Still I'm leavin' I'm destiny's child Destiny's child, destiny's child...|Rock
waylonjennings|Cactus Texas|Do you remember Cactus Texas nothing but a wide place in the road Eighteen wheelers never go there main Street's just too narrow for the load A little town of honest people some we haven't seen for quite awhile I was young and restless and we both were full of dreams and running wild  We left our old hometown and family barely had a nickel to our name We were out to win the world not once looking back or losing aim We hit the big town and the big time not a lot of effort in the deal  But in the bargain we lost touch with one another and old feelings that were real  In a big house up on easy street where too much never seems to be enough We're not the same two people far away from all the days when the times were rough Including you and I is separated by a wall It's not something we can talk about in fact we seldom even talk at all  I don't think we realize how or why we ever came this far Let's go back to Cactus Texas maybe once we're there we'll find out where we are|Rock
waylonjennings|The Road|Back home the family's eatin' dinner There's a fire in the fireside warm and bright But I won't be there today 'cause I've got a debt to pay And they don't let black sheep stray from the road. No they don't let black sheep stray from the road.  My throat is out crying for water Lord, that wind is blowing cold That guard is watching me like a hawk up in the tree And I'm longing to be free from the road Yes, I'm longing to be free from the road.  Every bone inside my body's aching And that guard don't care if I live or die He told me yesterday son don't try to get away For I'll lay you down to stay by the road Yes, I'll lay you down to stay by the road...|Rock
waylonjennings|If the Shoe Fits|My friends all say that you're deceiving me And things are going on that I don't see I pay them no mind I love you so And if you're guilty then I just don't want to know.  But if the shoe fits then wear it If your mind hurts then bear it It's your conscience to live with every day every night If you find it hard sleeping If you just lie there weeping If the truth hurts then the shoe fits just right.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  If you do wrong then it's your bill to pay It's you there in that mirror every day I love you and I plan to from now on I just can't believe you do your daddy wrong.  But if the shoe fits then wear it If your mind hurts then bear it It's your conscience to live with every day every night If you find it hard sleeping If you just lie there weeping If the truth hurts then the shoe fits just right.  If the truth hurts then the shoe fits just right...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Most Sensible Thing|I've taken chances on everything in my life Even against all the odds I've rolled the dice Count me in on any deal that comes around Right or wrong never slowed me down.  I've always loved you silent but strong Deep down in your heart you've always known It's just that I've made more mistakes than any man under the sun You're the only sensible thing I've ever done.  Never complaining back when the times were bad Even when your faith in me was all we had Loving me wasn't worth the price you paid Darling, I've been wrong this is all I can say. I've always loved you silent but strong Deep down in your heart you've always known It's just that I've made more mistakes than any man under the sun You're the only sensible thing I've ever done. You're the only sensible thing I've ever done...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Boxer|I am just a poor boy though my story's seldom told I have squandered my resistance For a pocketful of mumbles such are promises All lies and jests still a man hears What he wants to hear and disregards the rest. When I left my home and my family I was no more than a boy in the company of strangers In the quiet of the railway station running scared Laying low seeking out the poorer quarters Where the ragged people go Looking for the places only they would know.  Asking only workman's wages I come looking for a job but I get no offers Just a come on from the whores on Seventh Avenue I do declare there were some times when I was so lonesome And I took some comfort there.  In the clearing stands a boxer and a fighter by his trade And he carries the reminders of every glove that laid him down And cut him till he cried out in his anger and his shame I am leaving, I am leaving but the fighter still remains...|Rock
waylonjennings|Hittin' the Bottle Again|Well I don't know who or where I am I don't know who do give a damn It's a hell of a mess that I've got me in Hittin' the bottle again  I can't walk so I can't go home No need to talk cause I'm alone If I stay here they're gonna lock me in Hittin' the bottle again  Hittin' the bottle again ever than I've drunker been Or is it drunker than I've ever been hittin' the bottle again  Well I tried to quit for a wife of mine I tried to quit but I changed my mind Every once in awhile and a now and a then Hittin' the bottle again  Hittin' the bottle again...|Rock
waylonjennings|Don't Waste Your Time|(Don't look for me I must go.) (Don't waste your time I must go.)  Don't look for me, don't waste your time I'll find another that's more my kind I'll find my happiness on further down the line Don't look for me, don't waste your time. (I must go, I must go.)  It's over now, I must be on my way There's nothing here for me so I can't stay You tried to be what I wanted you to be It's over now, you're not the one for me.  Don't look for me, don't waste your time I'll find another that's more my kind I'll find my happiness on further down the line Don't look for me, don't waste your time. (I must go, I must go.)  Love me once more and then forget my name For when I go I won't be back again The sun will set, I'll stay with you till dawn Then I must go, I linger much too long.  Don't look for me, don't waste your time I'll find another that's more my kind I'll find my happiness on further down the line Don't look for me, don't waste your time. (I must go, I must go.)  Don't look for me, don't waste your time I'll find another that's more my kind I'll find my happiness on further down the line Don't look for me, don't waste your time. (I must go, I must go.)..|Rock
waylonjennings|Taos, New Mexico|To Taos pueblo out in New Mexico. One night my weary feet did go So I stopped that night in Taos.  There's a story in Taos town That if a stranger comes around. When a fresh snow is on the ground A new love will be born in Taos.  That night there came a snow In the mountains and the valleys below And I found a love that's true I know In Taos, New Mexico.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  That night in Taos town It seemed love was all around And the pretty little girl I found A new love was born in Taos.  From the first time we met I knew her love would always be true And I know I'll always love her too The love that I found in Taos.  Some night if it should snow There's a place you really ought to go There's a legend that it's true I know in Taos, New Mexico...|Rock
waylonjennings|Two Streaks of Steel|Two streaks of steel stretchin' cross the land Too far to reach for my baby's hand I stood and watched her disappear And in the distance I could hear. whooe  Tomorrow I'll see coming down the track That same old train that she ain't coming back For her sweet love that once was mine Faded just like a whistle's whine. whooe  Two streaks of steel I've been standing beside Where all that mattered in my life just died I want to lay across those tracks when that train Crossed those two streaks steel once again.  Two streaks of steel took my love away No reason now for me to wanna stay Next time I'll hear that whistle moan That all my troubles will be gone. whooe, whooe...|Rock
waylonjennings|Wastin' Time|I've been thinking it over wondering what to do Up to now I've been leaving it up to you But you'll always be the way you've always been  I ain't got the time to go through that again  I've been wasting time and I'm to blame Living with things I couldn't change  And the one conclusion I've come to I've been wasting time and a lot of good love on you  I've made up my mind to make my move It's just a waste of time to wait on you I'm set to leave and you're set in your ways You can't change and if you can't I can't stay  I've been wasting time that I can't spare Wastin' love when you don't care And the one conclusion I've come to I've been wasting time and a lot of good love on you  I've been wasting time and I'm to blame...|Rock
waylonjennings|Walk On Out of My Mind|I hear the echo of your footsteps They're right in step with marching time Since you've walked out of my life and out of my world Please walk on out of my mind.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I know you're hidin' there in the darkness And it's got me running scared and blind Since you've walked out of my life out of my world Please walk on out of my mind.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  You've got footprints all over my mem'ries I must erase them if I can You keep stumbling through my hopes and dreams Kickin' around my future plans.  You've got me walking round in circles Looking for something I'll never find Since you've walked out of my life and out of my world Please walk on out of my mind...|Rock
waylonjennings|Kissing You Goodbye|I've learned to turn the other cheek is not what love's about I've turned mine so many times that I damned near wore 'em out I've grown used to your abuse and I thought I'd never quit But I woke up this morning couldn't find my shiv a git  You've always liked to play your games well I got one for you Pretend we're playing checkers girl and it's your time to move You'll find your suitcase on the porch and the taxi in the drive So get your tongue out of my mouth I'm kissing you goodbye  I see you've finally made it home you been out all night Your artificial hair's a mess and your clothes don't fit you right I've given and forgiven till there ain't nothing left But all you gave was just enough to satisfy yourself  I can smell that whisky in your hair and sen-sen on your breath If you ever tried to tell the truth you'd choke yourself to death I don't want your nasty kisses and don't tell me no more lies Get your tongue out of my mouth I'm kissing you goodbye Get your tongue out of my mouth I'm kissing you goodbye|Rock
waylonjennings|Baker Street|Winding your way down on Baker Street Lite in your head and dead on your feet Well, another crazy day you drink the night away And forget about everything.  These city streets make you feel so cold It's got so many people but it's got no soul And it's taken you so long to find out you were wrong When you thought it held everything.  Used to think that it was so easy Used to say that it was so easy You're tryin', you're tryin' now Another year and then you'd be happy One more year and then you'd be happy You're cryin', you're cryin' now.  Way down the street there's a light in his place You open the door he's got that look on his face And he asks you where you've been You tell him who you've seen And you talk about anything.  He's got this dream about buyin' some land He's gonna give up the booze and the one night stands Then he'll settle down, it's a quiet little town And forget about everything.  But you know he'll always keep moving Know he's never gonna stop moving 'Cause he's rollin', he's the rolling stone And when you wake up it's a new morning The sun is shining it's a new morning You're goin' you're goin' home...|Rock
waylonjennings|I Can't Help the Way I Don't Feel About You|You want me to say I love you too There's nothing in the world I'd rather do You will never know how hard I've tried But I can't change the way I feel inside.  It's nothing that you did or haven't done Who knows what makes somebody love someone I wish that's the way that we could be But love is up to love and not to me.  I can't help the way that I don't feel Take what isn't there and make it real You're where I should be going but my heart is at the wheel And I can't help the way that I don't feel.  It's nothing that you did or haven't done Who knows what makes somebody love someone I wish that's the way that we could be But love is up to love and not to me.  You want me to say I love you too There's nothing in the world I'd rather do You will never know how hard I've tried But I can't change the way I feel inside.  I can't help the way that I don't feel Take what isn't there and make it real You're where I should be going but my heart is at the wheel And I can't help the way that I don't feel...|Rock
waylonjennings|Carnival Song|I've been quite the traveler ever since I hit the road And the Sullen county carnival has been my earn in gold I've been quite alone since I remember when I turned my ultimatums into chips and cashed them in  I used to run the Ferris wheel but that'd be hard to prove I can't stand to see a rolling wheel propped up so it can't move I used to run the carousel hell that's just round and round Never liked to see them ponies painted up and bolted down  The only thing that keeps me from staying here is leaving The only thing that saves me from it all is I'll be gone Just when I could trust in all the things that I believe in I had to pack it up and move along And I'll tell you the boys I'm not the only one  I was a straight man at the ring toss but that was just a jaunt I can't see throwing rings around things you don't really want I could run the roller coaster but that might break my heart So much hard travelin' just to wind up where you start  Now I just work the gateway and I'm pretty satisfied Little booth is red and blue and I just sit inside I just take your money and give tickets out in trade Think about my life and all the promises I made  The only thing that keeps me from staying here is leaving... Who's running from the things they've left undone|Rock
waylonjennings|Rose in Paradise|She was a flower for the takin',  Her beauty cut just like a knife... He was a banker from Macon,  Swore he'd love her all his life...  Bought her a mansion on a mountain With a formal garden and a lot a land...  But paradise became her prison, That Georgia banker was a jealous man!  Every time he'd talk about her, You could see the fire in his eyes... He'd say, "I would walk through Hell on Sunday,  To keep my Rose in Paradise..."  He hired a man to tend the garden,  Keep an eye on her while he was gone.. Some say they ran away together...  Some say that gardner left alone...  Now the banker is an old man...  That mansion's cum-ble-ing down... He sits all day and stares at the garden...  Not a trace of her was ever found...  Every time he talks about her,  You can see the fire in his eyes... He'd say, "I would walk through Hell on Sunday,  To keep my Rose in Paradise.."  Now there's a rose out in the garden...  Its beauty cuts just like a knife... They say that it even grows in the winter time...  And blooms in the dead of the night...|Rock
waylonjennings|Out of Jail|I sat at a bar having a beer Trying to hold down the stool When a stranger walked in stood there beside me And plopped down there like a fool. He started drinking then he started talking About things that were wrong in his life The more that I heard the more I believed The thing that was wrong was his wife. You talk about beauty when we first met She was all a man could desire Talk about love one night with her Would set your very soul on fire. But loves little flame is out of control About three feet high from behind Ever since we've been married well, I've come to believe That love's for the dumb and the blind. 'Cause you talk about ugly when she gets mad She goes from Jekill to Hyde She grits her teeth and her eyes roll back And pivot from side to side. She completely rewrites the whole English language Descriptive four lettered and loud Now I can't out think her but I can sure out drink her And that's what I'm doing here now. I've spent seven years with the wrong woman Seven and going on eight She spent seven years naggin' and eatin' I'm overwrought and she's overweight. If I try leavin' she has me arrested And takes her own sweet time gettin' me out If she ain't number one she's in the top two Of things that I could live without. Men commit murder and all kinds of mayhem In a few years they're back on the streets Highway robbery and white collar crime And they laugh at the system they beat. Sometimes I'm tempted sometimes I'm ashamed Of the things that the law will allow I could have killed her when I first met her And I'd have been out of jail by now. I could have killed her when we first met And I've have been out of jail by now...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lines|I want to be free from the noise of the grind So I live on the outskirts of the back of my mind With a strong hand a songman and God on my side I'm writing that freedom a line at a time  On the highway to nowhere that runs through my mind A yellow line stretches out into the night Broken in places it's my guiding light So I'm writing that freedom a line at a time  I'm walking a fine line between wrong and right I can live with the problems of this day and time Consider me lucky cause I'll be all right In my mind I'm having a beautiful life  I'm lost in the feelings of this heart of mine In search of the border of infinite time And I find peace of mind in the songs and their rhymes So I'm writing my freedom a line at a time|Rock
waylonjennings|Deep in the West|Deep in the west where the tall mountains grow I've gone home Where the heavens above turn red from the fire down below Are you listening to me when I'm talking to you Said together we're one divided we're through Divided we're through  Silver friend at night yellow friend you come with the dawn Back in my heart I've been drying my eyes see me run So you hang on to me and I'll hang on to you Said together we're one divided we're through Divided we're through  Refusing to talk I suppose that it's all for love's sake And learning to give that's important before you can take from me Are you listening to me when I'm talking to you Said together we're one divided we're through  So you hang on to me and I'll hang on to you Said together we're one divided we're through Divided we're through|Rock
waylonjennings|Right for the Time|Almost out of adolescence and into a world we didn't know Not necessaryly love but in trouble with a fire down below Looking back for a feeling it's just something far away and long ago I can still recall the name but she's really someone I don't even know  But she was right for the time She was right for the time but time has a way of moving on  I do recall a gypsy lady and a younger man in over his head I was her believer taken in by every loving word she said It was there for the first time the sweet and the bitter taste of love When you're young and alive too much never seems to be enough  It seems the young and the innocent are drawn like a moth to a flame To the wild and the reckless believing they are one in the same She never found a way to separate the good from the bad And she never understood that love was all we ever really had  She was right for the time but time has a way of moving on With her eyes on tomorrow one day she turned around and I was gone I'd have to say in a way she just might be better off alone She was right for the time but time has a way of moving on|Rock
waylonjennings|Crying Don't Even Come Close|I was all right for a while I could smile for a while But when I saw you last night You held my hand so tight When you stopped to say hello And though you wished me well You couldn't tell That I'd been  Crying over you Crying over you Then you said So long Left me standing all alone Alone and crying, crying, crying, crying  It's hard to understand That the touch of your hand Can start me crying  I thought that I was over you But it's true, so true I love you even more Than I did before But darling, what can I do Oh you don't love me And I'll always be  Crying over you Crying over you Yes, now you're gone And from this moment on I'll be crying, crying, crying, crying  I'm crying, crying Oh-oh-oh-over you|Rock
waylonjennings|I've Always Been Crazy|I've always been crazy and the trouble that it's put me through I've been busted for things that I did, and I didn't do I can't say I'm proud of all of the things that I've done But I can say I've never intentionally hurt anyone  I've always been different with one foot over the line	 Winding up somewhere one step ahead or behind It ain't been so easy but I guess I shouldn't complain I've always been crazy but it's kept me from going insane  Beautiful lady are you sure that you understand	 The chances your taking loving a free living man Are you really sure you really want what you see Be careful of something that's just what you want it to be  I've always been crazy but it's kept me from going insane Nobody knows if it's something to bless or to blame So far I ain't found a rhyme or a reason to change I've always been crazy but it's kept me from going insane|Rock
waylonjennings|Chevy Van|I gave a girl a ride in my wagon She crawled in and took control She was tired 'cause her mind was a dragging And I said, "Get some sleep and dream of rock and roll."  Like a picture she was laying there And moonlight dancing off her hair She woke up and took me by the hand She's gonna love me in my Chevy van And that's all right with me.  Her young face was like that of an angel Her long legs were tanned and brown Better keep your eyes on the road son Better slow this vehicle down.  Like a picture she was laying there And moonlight dancing off her hair She woke up and took me by the hand She's gonna love me in my Chevy van And that's all right with me.  I put her out in a town that was so small You could throw a rock from end to end A dirt road main street, she walked off in her barefeet It's a shame I won't be passing through again.  Like a picture she was laying there And moonlight dancing off her hair She woke up and took me by the hand She's gonna love me in my Chevy van And that's all right with me.  Like a picture she was laying there And moonlight dancing off her hair She woke up and took me by the hand She's gonna love me in my Chevy van And that's all right with me.  All right with me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Fallin' Out|We fell into a fallin' out You are the one that I just can't figure out But I do believe I want to Like a girl in a picture show You are the one that I'd like to know And I do, I do believe I need to And I do, I do believe that I feel like I'm watching a dove that's falling It's love and it's going down The songbird is calling a  slipaway darling So if there's a way show me how Just to tell you I love you You don't have to show me what's in your eyes Find me a way to apologize and I will I do believe I need to And you can take forever to sympathize But you know it's raining in my insides 'Cause I do, I do believe I love you  And I do, I do believe that I feel like I'm watching a dove that's falling It's love and it's going down The songbird is calling a  slipaway darling So if there's a way show me how Just to tell you I love you I feel a broken heart tumblin' Do you remember what you said way back then You used to say I love you And lost in the light of a second chance I feel the rhythm but you won't dance And I do, I do believe I need to And I do, I do believe that I feel like I'm watching a dove that's falling It's love and it's going down The songbird is calling a  slipaway darling So if there's a way show me how Just to tell you I love you|Rock
waylonjennings|Between Fathers and Sons|My father had so much to tell me Things he said I had to know Don't make my mistakes There are rules you can't break.  But I had to find out on my own Now when I look at my own son I know what my father went through There's only so much you can do.  You're proud when they walk Scared when they run That's how it always has been Between fathers and sons.  It's a bridge you can't cross It's a cross you can't bear It's the words you can't say The things you can't change No matter how much you care.  So you do all you can but then you gotta let go You're just part of the flow Of the river that runs Between fathers and sons.  Your mother will try to protect you Hold you as long as she can But the higher you climb The more you can see.  That's something I understand One day you'll look at your own son There'll be so much that you want to say He'll have to find his own way.  On the road he must take The course he must run That's how it always has been Between fathers and sons.  It's a bridge you can't cross It's a cross you can't bear It's the words you can't say The things you can't change No matter how much you care.  So you do all you can but then you gotta let go You're just part of the flow Of the river that runs Between fathers and sons.|Rock
waylonjennings|Don't You Think This Outlaw Bit's Done Got Out of Hand|I'm for the law and order the way it should be This song's about the night they spent protecting you from me Someone called us outlaws in some old magazine And New York sent a posse down like I ain't ever seen Don't you think this outlaw bit's done got out of hand What started out to be a joke the law don't understand Was it singing through my nose that got me busted by the man Maybe this here outlaw bit's done got out of hand out of hand  We were wrapped up in our music that's why we never saw The car pulls up the boys get out and the room fills up with law They came boundin' through the backdoor in the middle of a song They got me for possession for something that was gone long gone Don't you think this outlaw... Don't you think this outlaw bit's done got out of hand|Rock
waylonjennings|Billy|Billy we've come along way together and through it all You've been just like a brother to me And Billy we've had our share of ups and downs Froze our tails sleeping on the ground When the jobs were few and far between.  We've been knocking around together so long Singing them same old songs Been out in the rain so long I swear we're shrinking Billy lately I have done some thinking.  When I look back on our lives We've sure had ourself a time But you know it's been a wild world we traveled And it's startin' to unravel.  We leave so many loose ends behind We've been bucked off and kicked so many times And the ground just keeps gettin' harder Billy you know well as I we ain't gettin' no younger.  Billy another summer's come and gone Now with winter coming on I know we planned on heading south But Billy I thought about it several days And these words I'm about to say.  They don't taste good in my mouth But there's someone who's waiting back home Lord, if she'll still have me Guess I'll be saying so long you go on without me.  Ain't no easy way of saying goodbye So be sure and tell 'em all down in Texas I said hi...|Rock
waylonjennings|A Long Time Ago|I don't look the way the average cowboy singer looks I'll admit I've taken things I never should of took You can read a different story in a lot of different books But even then you won't really know How it was a long time ago  Women have been my trouble since I found out they weren't men In spite of that I stopped and took a wife now and then They built their fences high but they couldn't hold me in I was born with a fire down below And I learned to fly a long time ago  Don't ask me about the years I spent out in the rain About the ones I spent in love or the ones I spent insane Don't ask me who I gave my seat to on that plane I think you already know I told you that a long time ago  Me and ol' Willie, lordy we've been sold and bought I guess y'all heard about some kind of system that we fought We ain't the only outlaws just the only ones they caught They tried to run us off but Willie's slow I quit running a long time ago|Rock
waylonjennings|The Crown Prince|His father was a Princeton lawyer A man of means His mother summa-cum-laude Former beauty queen With a house as big as a hotel  On Spencer Boulevard That's where he got his start  Eighteen years of summer camp And private schools All American golden boy With a silver spoon His future held all the promise of a president Wonder where it went  It's hard to be the crowned prince When it all hits home You can't hide behind the wall Around the throne  The real world's not a playground It's a danger zone You find out who you really are When the pressures on He's the first one in his family to wind up second best He couldn't pass the test  His share of the fortune Spent on saving face His family comes to visit On the holidays Sometimes it's so quite there He hears the flowers bloom He's got a private room  It's hard to be the crowned prince When it all hits home You can't hide behind the wall Around the throne  Insanity is a state of mind Where life begins Or where it ends It all depends|Rock
waylonjennings|As the 'Billy World Turns|You get a pen and I'll get a paper We're gonna write ourselves a song We'll drive the poetics crazy I don't think the damn thing's gonna rhyme.  I got a friend and I think he's goofy I guess he thinks the same about me Guess it really takes one to know one And you look like an old friend of mine.  Out all night and acting crazy I've been up for two whole days Turn me over and roll me over Wind me up for one more rhyme.  Well, he called me friend and he called me brother I called him back but he was gone He took my songs and he took my money But the jokes on him he's the friend of a fool Of a fool, of a fool.  You get a pen and I'll get a paper We're gonna write ourselves a song We'll drive the poetics crazy I don't think the damn thing's gonna rhyme...|Rock
waylonjennings|Medley of Buddy Holly Hits|Well All Right Well all right, so I'm bein' foolish Well all right let people know About the dreams and wishes you wish And the night when lights are low.  Well all right, well all right We'll live in love with all our might Well all right, well all right Our lifetime love will be all right.  Well all right, well all right We'll live in love with all our might Well all right, well all right Our lifetime love will be all right.  It's So Easy It's so easy to fall in love It's so easy to fall in love.  Look into your heart and see What your love would set a part of me It sems so easy, oh, so go on easy Mhm, it seem so easy, oh, you concern my heart at whirl.  It's so easy to fall in love It's so easy to fall in love.  Maybe Baby Maybe baby, I'll have you, Maybe baby, you'll be true Maybe baby, I'll have you for me It's funny honey, you don't care You never listen to my prayer Maybe baby, you'll love me someday  Well, you are the one that makes me glad And you are the one that makes me sad Well, someday you want me, you will I'll be there to wait and see.  Maybe baby, I'll have you Maybe baby, you'll be true Maybe baby, you'll love me some day  Peggy Sue If you knew Peggy Sue Then you'd know how I feel blue About Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you gal And I need you Peggy Sue.  I love you, Peggy Sue With the love so right and true Oh Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you gal And I need you Peggy Sue.  Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, Peggy Sue Oh Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you gal And I need you Peggy Sue.  Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, Peggy Sue Oh Peggy, my Peggy Sue Oh well, I love you gal And I need you Peggy Sue...|Rock
waylonjennings|I Walk the Line|I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the ties that bind Because you're mine I walk the line.  I find it very, very easy to be true I find myself by myself when each day is through I'll admit that I'm a fool for you Because you're mine I walk the line.  I'll admit that I'm a fool for you Because you're mine, let me, I walk in the line.  I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time...|Rock
waylonjennings|Whistlers and Jugglers|You take the lady...I'll take the lesson I can't say that anyone's...Doin' me wrong Cause I always knew....That the girl had a weakness For whistlers and jugglers....and singers of songs  Now she was a child...Back when I first met her And the woman inside her...Was just bein' born And I knew she'd come with me...Cause she had a fever For whistlers and jugglers...and singers of songs.  And the whistler will whistle her...A song she can dance to And jugglers will cheer her...When she starts to cry The singer will sing her.....A bed of red roses Where she might let you....lie by her side  She'll laugh in the face...of the wealthy and famous And you'll never lose her..To the handsome or strong But all of your life son...Watch over your shoulder For whistlers and jusgglers...and singers of songs..  <i>[Repeat the chorus]</i>|Rock
waylonjennings|Rainy Day Woman|Oh rainy day woman I've never seem to see you for the good times or the sunshine You have been a friend of mine,rainy day woman  That woman of mine she ain't happy Unless she finds something wrong and has someone to blame If it ain't one thing it's another one on the way  Oh rainy day woman I've never seem to see you for the good times or the sunshine You have been a friend of mine,rainy day woman  I woke up this morning to the sunshine It sure as hell looks just like rain I know where to go on a cloudy day  <i>[Chorus x2]</i>|Rock
waylonjennings|Cloudy Days|Dark cloud hangin' over me When will it go away Rain is in my eyes and I can't see Life's become just cloudy days.  Why she's done me like she's done I guess I'll never know She knows I need her more than anyone I've made a point to let it show.  Cloudy days, don't the sun ever shine anymore Stormy weather, will you always be around When I'm down I can't stand cloudy days.  I recall the time when times were good Lord, they seem so long ago But you know they say if rain don't come Then love has no chance to grow.  Cloudy days, don't the sun ever shine anymore Stormy weather, will you always be around When I'm down I can't stand cloudy days.|Rock
waylonjennings|Midnight Rider|I gotta run to keep from hidin' I'm bound to keep on a ridin' I got one more silver dollar I ain't gonna let 'em catch me No I ain't gonna let 'em catch A midnight rider.  Well, these ain't my clothes I'm wearin' This old road goes on forever I got one more silver dollar I ain't gonna let 'em catch me No I ain't gonna let 'em catch A midnight rider.  I've gone by the point of carin' Some old bed I'll soon be sharin' I got one more silver dollar I ain't gonna let 'em catch me No I ain't gonna let 'em catch A midnight rider.  I ain't gonna let 'em catch me No I ain't gonna let 'em catch A midnight rider...|Rock
waylonjennings|Oklahoma Sunshine|New York woman tryin' to make me love her A sad eyed girl with rollers in her hair Down the hall somebody's cooking cabbage Kids're running up and down the stairs.  I'd like to leave this God forsaken city But I can't go no matter how I try But once again I'll be in Oklahoma tonight When I lay down and close my eyes.  I'll be standing in that Oklahoma sunshine Just got off a bus from another world Kissing mom and shaking hands with papa Dryin' the tears of an Oklahoma girl.  Standing in that Oklahoma sunshine A dream that I have dreamed so many times The blue eyed girl with the golden hair still loves me When I go back to Oklahoma in my mind.  When the cold wind blows in this big city A part of me flies home to where it's warm New York woman thinks that I'm still with her Just because I'm sleeping in her arms.  But I'll be standing in that Oklahoma sunshine A dream that I have dreamed so many times The blue eyed girl with the golden hair still loves me When I go back to Oklahoma in my mind.  Oh, I'll be standing in that Oklahoma sunshine Just got off a bus from another world...|Rock
waylonjennings|Are You Ready for the Country?|Slippin' and a slidin' playin' Dominos Leftin' and a rightin' ain't a crime you know Well, I gotta tell the story Before it's time to go.  Are you ready for the country Are you ready for me Are you ready for the country Ain't that a sight to see?  Talkin' to a preacher Said God was on his side  Talkin' to a butcher They both were sellin' hides.  Well, I gotta tell the story boys I don't know the reason why  Are you ready for the country Are you ready for me Are you ready for the country Ain't that a sight to see?  Are you ready for the country Are you ready for me Are you ready for the country Ain't that a sight to see?...|Rock
waylonjennings|I Can't Keep My Hands Off of You|You know I can't stand to be around you 'Cause you know I'm still in love with you And my arms keep reaching to do What my thoughts do all the time I just can't keep my hands off of you.  'Cause it's like looking at heaven while I'm standing in hell We shared something precious for a while You look just like a baby in a cradle to me I just can't keep my hands off of you.  Woman you've got the man inside my body Trembling the way only you know how to And I guess that's just one of a million reasons I just can't keep my hands off of you.  'Cause it's like looking at heaven while I'm standing in hell We shared something precious for a while You look just like a baby in a cradle to me I just can't keep my hands off of you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Memories of You and I|I thought to leave your bed For the street was as simple as saying goodbye I couldn't see how blind a man can be Lord, how quickly life can fly.  As the lines in my face grow deeper And the well of my soul runs dry I find that I drink more and more From the memories of you and I.  The taste of fame is fire to me no more The tension and hunger are gone All I have left are money in the game I'm a prisoner too low I'm on.  As the lines in my face grow deeper And the well of my soul runs dry I find that I drink more and more From the memories of you and I.|Rock
waylonjennings|It'll Be Her|If anyone ever finds a better way to love It'll be her lovin' me If anyone ever goes out of their way to show they care It'll be her lovin' me.  She's every woman I've ever known rolled up in one If I'm ever loved any more she'll be the one To get it done the way it should be It'll be her lovin' me.  If ever I'm down and out and need someone to love It'll be her lovin' me When everyone else is cold and I need someone warm to hold It'll be her lovin' me.  She's every woman I've ever known rolled up in one If I'm ever loved any more she'll be the one To get it done the way it should be It'll be her lovin' me.  She's every woman I've ever known rolled up in one If I'm ever loved any more she'll be the one To get it done the way it should be It'll be her lovin' me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lonesome On'ry and Mean|On a Greyhound bus Lord I'm travelin' this morning I'm goin' to Shreveport and down to New Orleans Been travlin' these highways and doin' things my way It's been making me lonesome on'ry and mean.  God her hair was jet black and her name was Bodine Thought she was the queen of the Basin Street Queens She got tired of that smoky-wine dream She began to feel lonesome on'ry and mean.  We got together and we cashed in our sweeps Gave onto beggar who was mumblin' through the streets There's no escaping from his snowy white dream On'ry and lonesome on'ry and mean.  I'm down in this valley where the wheels turn so low At dawn I pray to the Lord of my soul I say do Lord do right by me you know I'm tired of being lonesome on'ry and mean...|Rock
waylonjennings|Waymore's Blues|Well, I woke up this mornin' it was drizzlin' rain Around the curve come a passenger train Heard somebody yodel and a hobo moan Jimmy he's dead, he's been a long time gone Been a long time gone, a long time gone  If you wanna get to heaven, gotta D-I-E You've gotta put on your coat and T-I-E If you wanna get the rabbit out of the L-O-G You've gotta make a commotion like D-O-G Now, like D-O-G, like D-O-G, yeah  Well, I've got a good woman, what's the matter with me? What makes me wanna love every woman I see? I was travelin' when I met her, now I'm travelin' again And every woman she sees looks like a place I came in Looks like a place I came in, a place I came in  I've got my name painted on my shirt I ain't no ordinary dude I don't have to work I don't have to work, no|Rock
waylonjennings|Amanda|I've held it all inward, God knows, I've tried, But it's an awful awakening in a country boy's life, To look in the mirror in total surprise. At the hair on my shoulders and the age in my eyes.   Amanda, light of my life. Fate should have made you a gentleman's wife. Amanda, light of my life.  Fate should have made you a gentleman's wife.  It's a measure of people who don't understand, The pleasures of life in a hillbilly band. I got my first guitar when I was fourteen,  Well I finally made forty, still wearing jeans.  Amanda, light of my life. Fate should have made you a gentleman's wife. Amanda, light of my life.  Fate should have made you a gentleman's wife.|Rock
waylonjennings|The Last Letter|Why do you treat me as if I were only a friend What have I done that has made you so distant and cold Sometimes I wonder if you'll be contented again Will you be happy when you are withered and old.  I can't offer you diamonds or mansions so fine And I can't offer you clothes your young body crave But if you'd love me and say that you'll always be mine Think of the heartaches the tears and the sorrow, you'll save honey.  When you are weary and tired of another man's gold If you ever get lonesome remember this letter my own But don't try to answer though I've suffered sorrow untold If you don't love me I wish you would leave me alone...|Rock
waylonjennings|Money Cannot Make the Man|So long I've been trying to give you the things that you've wanted But your thirst for riches is more than my pockets can stand And I know that you're dreaming of things you could have with another 'Cause to your way of thinking the money is what makes the man.  You like to be seen in the richest and finest of places You're always embarrassed by the callouses here on my hands And I know that it's only a matter of time till you leave me 'Cause to your way of thinking the money is what makes the man.  You may find a rich man to give you the things that you long for But if you're still lonely then darling you may understand That with all of his gold he can't give you the love that I gave you For a man can make money but money cannot make the man.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  You may find a rich man to give you the things that you long for But if you're still lonely then darling you may understand That with all of his gold he can't give you the love that I gave you For a man can make money but money cannot make the man.  A man can make money but money cannot make the man...|Rock
waylonjennings|Young Widow Brown|That Jimmy Brown died at just 25 And they lowered him under the ground Right at his head was a mark that had read I leave the world young widow Brown.  He left her for me now it's plain to see Just why old Jim ain't around I know that I've tried but the man ain't alive That can keep up with young widow Brown.  That woman she's crazy if she thinks That I'll just keep on a hanging around I'd leave in a minute 'cept for one thing That one thing is young widow Brown.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  In her high steppin' style she's a goin' hog wild This night life is a whoopin' me down But if I lose a place then I'm out of the race For kisses from young widow Brown.  I must be gettin' old my walk's gettin' slow Just barely can make it around I work night and day spend all of my pay On pretties for young widow Brown.  That woman she's crazy if she thinks That I'll just keep on a hanging around I'd leave in a minute 'cept for one thing That one thing is young widow Brown...|Rock
waylonjennings|Clyde|Whoop, Whoop  Clyde plays electric bass, Plays it with finese and grace Set on a porch, ain't got no shoes Pickin' the bass and singin' the blues  Misery loves company, This ole dog sings harmony, Tamborine tied to his tail, You can hear him moan, you can hear him wail, Yeah  Whew Jody baby, she got a dollar, Down the road,  you can hear her holler, Git up Clyde, we got things to do, That ole dog can sing the blues,  He don't move, he don't flinch Clyde, he don't move an inch, Set on a porch, ain't got no shoes, Pickin' the bass and singin' the blues Whoop Whoop  Clyde plays electric bass, Played it with finese and grace Set on a porch, ain't got no shoes Pickin' the bass and singin' the blues|Rock
waylonjennings|It's Alright|J. J. Cale's my hero, best I ever heard But you gotta sing a little louder, hoss, 'cause I can't hear the words Some folks call it rock and rol, others call it blues But I detect a country soul, when I seen his cowboy shoes And it's alright It's alright It may not be right, but it's alright  George might show up flyin' high, if George shows up at all But he may be, unconsciously, the greatest of them all From the Beatles and me in Nashville, to the billies and the Rolling Stones If we all sounded like we wanted to, we'd all sound like George Jones And it's alright It's alright It may not be right, but it's alright  Jesse she's my woman boys, poor little ugly thing She tells me just how smart I am, so I'll teach her how to sing When I'm wrong and then she nails me, I get her with the same old line And it's alright It's alright It may not be right, but it's alright|Rock
waylonjennings|You've Got to Hide Your Love Away|Here I stand hand in hand Turning my face to the wall If she's gone I can't go on With no love at all.  Everywhere people stare Each and every day I can see them laugh at me I can hear them say.  You've got to hide your love away. You've got to hide your love away.  How can I even try, I can never win Hearin' them, seein' them in the state I'm in How could she say to me love will find a way Gather round all you clowns let me hear you say.  You've got to hide your love away. You've got to hide your love away...|Rock
waylonjennings|Do It Again|In the morning you go gunning For the man who stole your water And you fire till he's done in But they catch you on the border And the mourners are all singing As they drag you by your feet But the Hangman isn't hanging And they put you on the street  You go back, Jack, do it again Wheels turning 'round and 'round You go back, Jack, do it again  Well, you know she's no high climber Then you find your only friend In a room with your two timer And you're sure you're near the end Then you love a little wild one And she brings you only sorrow All the time you know she's smilin' You'll be on your knees tomorrow  You go back, Jack, do it again Wheels turning 'round and 'round You go back, Jack, do it again  Now you'll swear and kick and beg us That you're not a gamblin' man Then you find you're back in Vegas With a handle in your hand Your black cards can bring you money So you hide them when you're able In the land of milk and honey You must put them on the table  You go back, Jack, do it again Wheels turning 'round and 'round You go back, Jack, do it again|Rock
waylonjennings|Sweet Music Man|She said sing a song sweet music man 'Cause I won't be there to hold your hand like I used to I'm through with you You're a hell of a singer and powerful man But you surround yourself with people who Demand so little of you.  You touched my soul with your beautiful song Even had me singin' along right with you you said I need you Then you changed the words and added harmony Sang the song you had written for me to someone new.  Nobody sings love songs quite like you do Nobody else can make me sing along Nobody else can make me feel the things are right When I know they're wrong Nobody sings love songs quite like you.  Sing your song sweet music man Travel the world with a six piece band that does for you What you ask me to And you try to stay young but the songs are sung To so many people who've all begun came back on you.  Sing your song sad music man Makin' your living doing one night stands They're through with you they don't need you You're still a hell of a singer but a broken man.  But you'll keep on lookin' for one last fan to sing to Nobody sings a love song quite like you do Nobody else can make me sing along Nobody else can make me feel the things are right When they're wrong with a song Nobody sings a love song quite like you.  She said, sing your song sweet music man I believe in you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Storms Never Last|Storms never last do they baby Bad times all pass with the wind Your hand in mine stills the thunder And you make the sun want to shine.  You followed me down so many roads baby I've picked wild flowers and sung you soft sad songs And every road we took God knows Our search was for the truth And the clouds brewing now won't be the last.  Storms never last do they baby Bad times all pass with the wind Your hand in mine stills the thunder And you make the sun want to shine.  Storms never last do they Jessi Bad times all pass with the wind Your hand in mine stills the thunder And you make the sun want to shine...|Rock
waylonjennings|Love of the Common People|Livin' on free food, tickets Water in the milk from the hole in the roof Where the rain came through What can you do? hmm  Tears from little sister cryin' 'Cause she doesn't have a dress without a patch For the party to go Oh, but you know she'll get by.  She is livin' in the love of the common people Smiles from the heart of the family man Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can.  It's a good thing you don't have the bus fare It would fall through the hole in your pocket And you'd lose it in the snow on the ground A walking to town to find a job.  Trying to keep your hands warm But the hole in your shoe let the snow come through And it chills to the bone, boy You'd better go home where it's warm.  Where you can live in the love of the common people Smiles from the heart of the family man Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can.  Livin' on dreams ain't easy But the closer the knit the tighter the fit And the chills stay away You take 'em in stride family pride.  You know that faith is your foundation  And with a whole lotta love and a warm conversation And plenty of prayer Making you strong where you belong.  Where you can live in the love of the common people Smiles from the heart of the family man Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can...|Rock
waylonjennings|I Tremble for You|This world that I live in is empty and cold The loneliness cuts me and tortures my soul I'm no child of destiny and no fortune's son I've just chased you so long now I'm too weak to run.  A new day is here but nothing is new Alone in my room I tremble for you.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I know I'll return to the backstreets again To find what I need to prove I'm a man And there I'll treat shame like an old friend from home That I can lean on till my mis'ry is gone.  A new day is here and nothing is new I'm a picture of weakness as I tremble for you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Destiny's Child|Surely you know by now my heart is wild I don't wanna be tied down it ain't my style Don't you think I know very well this kind of attitude is selfish  Well, I can't help it I'm destiny's child.  I couldn't began to tell you if I tried It meant so much to love you for a little while Try to remember all of the good love I wish you understood love.  I ain't no good love I'm destiny's child Destiny's child, destiny's child.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I gotta be on my way, now please don't cry Gotta be somewhere else I don't know why Keep thinkin' of all I'm losin' I know your lips're soothin' I gotta be movin' I'm destiny's child.  I must wish you well and say goodbye I wish you moons and stars and sunny skies You gave me so much to believe in My life has a little more meanin'.  Still I'm leavin' I'm destiny's child Destiny's child, destiny's child...|Rock
waylonjennings|The Road|Back home the family's eatin' dinner There's a fire in the fireside warm and bright But I won't be there today 'cause I've got a debt to pay And they don't let black sheep stray from the road. No they don't let black sheep stray from the road.  My throat is out crying for water Lord, that wind is blowing cold That guard is watching me like a hawk up in the tree And I'm longing to be free from the road Yes, I'm longing to be free from the road.  Every bone inside my body's aching And that guard don't care if I live or die He told me yesterday son don't try to get away For I'll lay you down to stay by the road Yes, I'll lay you down to stay by the road...|Rock
waylonjennings|If the Shoe Fits|My friends all say that you're deceiving me And things are going on that I don't see I pay them no mind I love you so And if you're guilty then I just don't want to know.  But if the shoe fits then wear it If your mind hurts then bear it It's your conscience to live with every day every night If you find it hard sleeping If you just lie there weeping If the truth hurts then the shoe fits just right.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  If you do wrong then it's your bill to pay It's you there in that mirror every day I love you and I plan to from now on I just can't believe you do your daddy wrong.  But if the shoe fits then wear it If your mind hurts then bear it It's your conscience to live with every day every night If you find it hard sleeping If you just lie there weeping If the truth hurts then the shoe fits just right.  If the truth hurts then the shoe fits just right...|Rock
waylonjennings|Don't Waste Your Time|(Don't look for me I must go.) (Don't waste your time I must go.)  Don't look for me, don't waste your time I'll find another that's more my kind I'll find my happiness on further down the line Don't look for me, don't waste your time. (I must go, I must go.)  It's over now, I must be on my way There's nothing here for me so I can't stay You tried to be what I wanted you to be It's over now, you're not the one for me.  Don't look for me, don't waste your time I'll find another that's more my kind I'll find my happiness on further down the line Don't look for me, don't waste your time. (I must go, I must go.)  Love me once more and then forget my name For when I go I won't be back again The sun will set, I'll stay with you till dawn Then I must go, I linger much too long.  Don't look for me, don't waste your time I'll find another that's more my kind I'll find my happiness on further down the line Don't look for me, don't waste your time. (I must go, I must go.)  Don't look for me, don't waste your time I'll find another that's more my kind I'll find my happiness on further down the line Don't look for me, don't waste your time. (I must go, I must go.)..|Rock
waylonjennings|Taos, New Mexico|To Taos pueblo out in New Mexico. One night my weary feet did go So I stopped that night in Taos.  There's a story in Taos town That if a stranger comes around. When a fresh snow is on the ground A new love will be born in Taos.  That night there came a snow In the mountains and the valleys below And I found a love that's true I know In Taos, New Mexico.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  That night in Taos town It seemed love was all around And the pretty little girl I found A new love was born in Taos.  From the first time we met I knew her love would always be true And I know I'll always love her too The love that I found in Taos.  Some night if it should snow There's a place you really ought to go There's a legend that it's true I know in Taos, New Mexico...|Rock
waylonjennings|Two Streaks of Steel|Two streaks of steel stretchin' cross the land Too far to reach for my baby's hand I stood and watched her disappear And in the distance I could hear. whooe  Tomorrow I'll see coming down the track That same old train that she ain't coming back For her sweet love that once was mine Faded just like a whistle's whine. whooe  Two streaks of steel I've been standing beside Where all that mattered in my life just died I want to lay across those tracks when that train Crossed those two streaks steel once again.  Two streaks of steel took my love away No reason now for me to wanna stay Next time I'll hear that whistle moan That all my troubles will be gone. whooe, whooe...|Rock
waylonjennings|Walk On Out of My Mind|I hear the echo of your footsteps They're right in step with marching time Since you've walked out of my life and out of my world Please walk on out of my mind.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I know you're hidin' there in the darkness And it's got me running scared and blind Since you've walked out of my life out of my world Please walk on out of my mind.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  You've got footprints all over my mem'ries I must erase them if I can You keep stumbling through my hopes and dreams Kickin' around my future plans.  You've got me walking round in circles Looking for something I'll never find Since you've walked out of my life and out of my world Please walk on out of my mind...|Rock
waylonjennings|Baker Street|Winding your way down on Baker Street Lite in your head and dead on your feet Well, another crazy day you drink the night away And forget about everything.  These city streets make you feel so cold It's got so many people but it's got no soul And it's taken you so long to find out you were wrong When you thought it held everything.  Used to think that it was so easy Used to say that it was so easy You're tryin', you're tryin' now Another year and then you'd be happy One more year and then you'd be happy You're cryin', you're cryin' now.  Way down the street there's a light in his place You open the door he's got that look on his face And he asks you where you've been You tell him who you've seen And you talk about anything.  He's got this dream about buyin' some land He's gonna give up the booze and the one night stands Then he'll settle down, it's a quiet little town And forget about everything.  But you know he'll always keep moving Know he's never gonna stop moving 'Cause he's rollin', he's the rolling stone And when you wake up it's a new morning The sun is shining it's a new morning You're goin' you're goin' home...|Rock
waylonjennings|I Can't Help the Way I Don't Feel About You|You want me to say I love you too There's nothing in the world I'd rather do You will never know how hard I've tried But I can't change the way I feel inside.  It's nothing that you did or haven't done Who knows what makes somebody love someone I wish that's the way that we could be But love is up to love and not to me.  I can't help the way that I don't feel Take what isn't there and make it real You're where I should be going but my heart is at the wheel And I can't help the way that I don't feel.  It's nothing that you did or haven't done Who knows what makes somebody love someone I wish that's the way that we could be But love is up to love and not to me.  You want me to say I love you too There's nothing in the world I'd rather do You will never know how hard I've tried But I can't change the way I feel inside.  I can't help the way that I don't feel Take what isn't there and make it real You're where I should be going but my heart is at the wheel And I can't help the way that I don't feel...|Rock
waylonjennings|Rose in Paradise|She was a flower for the takin',  Her beauty cut just like a knife... He was a banker from Macon,  Swore he'd love her all his life...  Bought her a mansion on a mountain With a formal garden and a lot a land...  But paradise became her prison, That Georgia banker was a jealous man!  Every time he'd talk about her, You could see the fire in his eyes... He'd say, "I would walk through Hell on Sunday,  To keep my Rose in Paradise..."  He hired a man to tend the garden,  Keep an eye on her while he was gone.. Some say they ran away together...  Some say that gardner left alone...  Now the banker is an old man...  That mansion's cum-ble-ing down... He sits all day and stares at the garden...  Not a trace of her was ever found...  Every time he talks about her,  You can see the fire in his eyes... He'd say, "I would walk through Hell on Sunday,  To keep my Rose in Paradise.."  Now there's a rose out in the garden...  Its beauty cuts just like a knife... They say that it even grows in the winter time...  And blooms in the dead of the night...|Rock
waylonjennings|What About You|The days have been long and I have been lonesome Recalling the dreams that never came true Nights have been lonely but now that's all over 'Cause I've payed my debt for trusting in you.  Every day your mem'ry grows dimmer Clouds drift away, sunshine peeps through Every night no longer you'll haunt me My conscience is clear, what about you?  It's hard to believe that you are the same one That once meant so much that I loved so true It's hard to know I've worshipped to wrong one But I've paid for it what about you.  Every day your mem'ry grows dimmer Clouds drift away, sunshine peeps through Every night no longer you'll haunt me My conscience is clear, what about you?  Every day your mem'ry grows dimmer Clouds drift away, sunshine peeps through Every night no longer you'll haunt me My conscience is clear, what about you?...|Rock
waylonjennings|Waltz Across Texas|When we dance together my world's in disguise It's a fairyland tale that's come true When you look at me girl with those stars in your eyes I could waltz across Texas with you.  Waltz across Texas with you in my arms Waltz across Texas with you Like a storybook ending I'm lost in your charms And I could waltz across Texas with you.  My heartaches and troubles are just up and gone The moment you come into view With your hand in mine dear I could dance on and on And waltz across Texas with you.  Waltz across Texas with you in my arms Waltz across Texas with you Like a storybook ending I'm lost in your charms And I could waltz across Texas with you.|Rock
waylonjennings|Crying Don't Even Come Close|I was all right for a while I could smile for a while But when I saw you last night You held my hand so tight When you stopped to say hello And though you wished me well You couldn't tell That I'd been  Crying over you Crying over you Then you said So long Left me standing all alone Alone and crying, crying, crying, crying  It's hard to understand That the touch of your hand Can start me crying  I thought that I was over you But it's true, so true I love you even more Than I did before But darling, what can I do Oh you don't love me And I'll always be  Crying over you Crying over you Yes, now you're gone And from this moment on I'll be crying, crying, crying, crying  I'm crying, crying Oh-oh-oh-over you|Rock
waylonjennings|Chevy Van|I gave a girl a ride in my wagon She crawled in and took control She was tired 'cause her mind was a dragging And I said, "Get some sleep and dream of rock and roll."  Like a picture she was laying there And moonlight dancing off her hair She woke up and took me by the hand She's gonna love me in my Chevy van And that's all right with me.  Her young face was like that of an angel Her long legs were tanned and brown Better keep your eyes on the road son Better slow this vehicle down.  Like a picture she was laying there And moonlight dancing off her hair She woke up and took me by the hand She's gonna love me in my Chevy van And that's all right with me.  I put her out in a town that was so small You could throw a rock from end to end A dirt road main street, she walked off in her barefeet It's a shame I won't be passing through again.  Like a picture she was laying there And moonlight dancing off her hair She woke up and took me by the hand She's gonna love me in my Chevy van And that's all right with me.  Like a picture she was laying there And moonlight dancing off her hair She woke up and took me by the hand She's gonna love me in my Chevy van And that's all right with me.  All right with me...|Rock
waylonjennings|What Bothers Me Most|I could lay aside my better judgement I could turn my back on all the pain Make believe you mean it when you touch me And be fool enough to think you'd change  I'm no fool and you're not changing You know I'm telling the heartbreaking truth You've gone wild and I'm going crazy And what bothers me most is I don't bother you  Late at night you're such a great temptation I'm too weak to fight you everytime Lying in my bed of desperation I want you lying in these arms of mine  I'm no fool and you're not changing... Oh what bothers me most is I don't bother you|Rock
waylonjennings|The Eagle|Lord knows I am peaceful when I'm left alone I've always been an Eagle, been awhile since I have flown My claws are sharp as ever, so's my Eagle eye Something's gonna go tonight, when the eagle flies  Lately I've heard rumors that the eagle may be lame Just because I've been idle, don't mean that I'm tame You've jeopardized my freedom, my natural place to roost I can fly when I have to, if they turn the eagle loose  So lay all your doubts aside when you go to bed tonight My feathers are all ruffled now, I'm ready for a fight Just because I took awhile to fly that don't mean I don't care When you feel the shadow crossing, the eagle's in the air  So lay all your doubts aside when you go to bed tonight My feathers are all ruffled now, I'm ready for a fight Just because I took awhile to fly that don't mean I don't care When you feel the shadow crossing, the eagle's in the air When you feel the shadow crossing, the eagle's in the air|Rock
waylonjennings|Her Man|I'm gonna change my ways of doing things around here I'm turning over a new leaf gonna get myself in gear Cause I've got a woman who's better than most And I've made a mess of her plans So startin' today all I'm gonna be is her man  I've been a wild catter and a go go getter Been an SOB right down to the letter I've had misadventures I even got pictures Of even more than I can stand So startin' today all I want a be is her man  I'm gonna give it all back cause all I've done is take I've put her on the back burner while I was out on the make But I've got a woman who's good enough to give me A second chance again So starting today all I'm gonna be is her man  I've been a wild catter and a go go getter Been an SOB right down to the letter I've had misadventures I even got pictures Of even more than I can stand So startin' today all I want a be is her man  I'm a little bit late but I'm wise enough I'm taking her by the hand Startin' today all I want a be is her man|Rock
waylonjennings|Wrong|It was a picture perfect wedding We had the whole world at our feet Everyone thought we were Heading down a lovers easy street  We'd have a house out in the country A picket fence, the whole nine yards They said our love would last forever It was written in the stars  Wrong I should have known it all along When the future looks too bright Can't be anything but right Wrong  I was all but devastated When she told me we were through In a while the heartache faded And I found somebody new  I swore that this time would be different I had it all figured out I wouldn't make the same mistakes I knew what love was all about  Wrong I should have known it all along When the future looks too bright Can't be anything but right Wrong  Wrong Everything was going strong The sky was always blue Thought my dreams had all come true Wrong Wrong.|Rock
waylonjennings|Where Corn Don't Grow|As we sat on the front porch of that old grey house where I was born and raised Stared out at the dusty fields where daddy always worked hard eveyday I think it kind of hurt him when i said "Daddy there's a lot that I don't know But don't you ever dream about a life where corn don't grow"  He just sat there silent staring in his favorite coffee cup I saw a storm of mixed emotions in his eyes when he looked up He said "Son I know at your age it feels like this ol' world is turning slow And you think you'll find the answer to it all,where corn don't grow"  Hard times are real,there's dusty fields No matter where you go You may change your mind,'cause the weeds are high Where corn don't grow  I remember feeling guilty when daddy turned and walked back in the house I was only seventeen back then but it seems like I knew more than I do now I can't say he didn't tell me this city life's a hard row to hoe It's funny how a dream can turn around,where corn don't grow  Hard times are real,there's dusty fields No matter where you go You may change your mind,'cause the weeds are high Where corn don't grow  You may change your mind,'cause the weeds are high  Where corn don't grow|Rock
waylonjennings|Between Fathers and Sons|My father had so much to tell me Things he said I had to know Don't make my mistakes There are rules you can't break.  But I had to find out on my own Now when I look at my own son I know what my father went through There's only so much you can do.  You're proud when they walk Scared when they run That's how it always has been Between fathers and sons.  It's a bridge you can't cross It's a cross you can't bear It's the words you can't say The things you can't change No matter how much you care.  So you do all you can but then you gotta let go You're just part of the flow Of the river that runs Between fathers and sons.  Your mother will try to protect you Hold you as long as she can But the higher you climb The more you can see.  That's something I understand One day you'll look at your own son There'll be so much that you want to say He'll have to find his own way.  On the road he must take The course he must run That's how it always has been Between fathers and sons.  It's a bridge you can't cross It's a cross you can't bear It's the words you can't say The things you can't change No matter how much you care.  So you do all you can but then you gotta let go You're just part of the flow Of the river that runs Between fathers and sons.|Rock
waylonjennings|The Crown Prince|His father was a Princeton lawyer A man of means His mother summa-cum-laude Former beauty queen With a house as big as a hotel  On Spencer Boulevard That's where he got his start  Eighteen years of summer camp And private schools All American golden boy With a silver spoon His future held all the promise of a president Wonder where it went  It's hard to be the crowned prince When it all hits home You can't hide behind the wall Around the throne  The real world's not a playground It's a danger zone You find out who you really are When the pressures on He's the first one in his family to wind up second best He couldn't pass the test  His share of the fortune Spent on saving face His family comes to visit On the holidays Sometimes it's so quite there He hears the flowers bloom He's got a private room  It's hard to be the crowned prince When it all hits home You can't hide behind the wall Around the throne  Insanity is a state of mind Where life begins Or where it ends It all depends|Rock
waylonjennings|Reno And Me|Reno and me hit the freeway, south out of town on the run Reno was driving he asked me to roll him one I turned on the radio, I found us some sweet Emmylou I sang the harmony, low down and out of key Reno just howled at the moon  Somewhere outside Kansas City, on a highway that leads to Cheyenne The radio put a song by a mexican band Well I guess we were lost in thoughts of brown skin girls, took a couple Wrong turns in a row Reno and me just laughed and agreed It don't matter which way you go  It don't matter which way you go, when you're calling the highway your home Every old town is your past burning down, it don't matter which way you go  All of our old friends got married, doing all of their business in town Climbing a ladder that leads to a hole in the ground Reno and Me talked it all out, one thing that we'll never know What's the point of a race where you stay in one place Believing there's somewhere to go  It don't matter which way you go, when you're calling the highway your home Every old town is your past burning down, it don't matter which way you go  It don't matter which way you go, when you're calling the highway your home Every old town is your past burning down, it don't matter which way you go|Rock
waylonjennings|Too Close To Call|I have battled with the demons for my soul Like a soldier unafraid, stood straight and tall With strong convictions fought for what I thought was right and wrong But I wonder when it stands in judgement hall Will it go down as one too close to call  I have faced that cunning ennemy called time For awhile I held him cold and to a draw As he rode away he said another place and day 'Cause you can't erase the writing on the wall Although this one was just too close to call  As I wrestled with my deepest fear in life I was captured by the shadows on the wall I was brave but just the same, I was glad when morning came Because now and then the footsteps in the hall Remind me it was just too close to call  I have watched my mind dance too close to the edge As I stood among the crowd to see it fall Sometimes now I cling to what I hope is sanity I stagger on this fine like that I walk And wonder is it just too close to call|Rock
waylonjennings|Waking Up With You|Like a sail that's torn and can't ride the wind Here I stand looking both ways again I'm a dollar short on a three dollar night Turning left cause I ain't got no right. I keep thinking this time maybe it But somehow all the pieces just won't fit But I'll always have a dream to hold on to Just as long as I keep waking up with you. You told me once that storms never last I know it's true oh so true Just when I think the clouds will never pass Like a silver lining you come shining through. I know you'll always be there right or wrong Together we'll keep on keeping on And I'll always have a dream to hold on to Just as long as I keep waking up with you. You told me once that storms never last I know it's true oh so true Just when I think the clouds will never pass Like a silver lining you come shining through. I know you'll always be there right or wrong Together we'll keep on keeping on And I'll always have a dream to hold on to Just as long as I keep waking up with you. I'll always have a dream to hold on to Just as long as I keep waking up with you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Are You Ready for the Country?|Slippin' and a slidin' playin' Dominos Leftin' and a rightin' ain't a crime you know Well, I gotta tell the story Before it's time to go.  Are you ready for the country Are you ready for me Are you ready for the country Ain't that a sight to see?  Talkin' to a preacher Said God was on his side  Talkin' to a butcher They both were sellin' hides.  Well, I gotta tell the story boys I don't know the reason why  Are you ready for the country Are you ready for me Are you ready for the country Ain't that a sight to see?  Are you ready for the country Are you ready for me Are you ready for the country Ain't that a sight to see?...|Rock
waylonjennings|Old Church Hymns And Nursery Rhymes|Blow on you restless wind up to your old tricks again Bear down you Texas sun you make the desserts dry and the brush fires run Splintered wood rusty chains this old front porch swing remains A pendelum of memories goes back and forth on a summer breeze  Singing old church hymns and nursery rhymes From the days way back before my time With a little child upon my knee singing every sweet word back to me Look how far I had to come to get back where I started from With a child's wisdom passing time Singing old church hymns and nursery rhymes  I've run the race I've walked the wire I paid the price of my desire And the only time I've known it all is just before I took a fall So howl you lone coyote song fade to sapphire sky of dawn Count me in the lucky men to send the world around again  Singing old church hymns and nursery rhymes...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lonesome On'ry and Mean|On a Greyhound bus Lord I'm travelin' this morning I'm goin' to Shreveport and down to New Orleans Been travlin' these highways and doin' things my way It's been making me lonesome on'ry and mean.  God her hair was jet black and her name was Bodine Thought she was the queen of the Basin Street Queens She got tired of that smoky-wine dream She began to feel lonesome on'ry and mean.  We got together and we cashed in our sweeps Gave onto beggar who was mumblin' through the streets There's no escaping from his snowy white dream On'ry and lonesome on'ry and mean.  I'm down in this valley where the wheels turn so low At dawn I pray to the Lord of my soul I say do Lord do right by me you know I'm tired of being lonesome on'ry and mean...|Rock
waylonjennings|Waymore's Blues|Well, I woke up this mornin' it was drizzlin' rain Around the curve come a passenger train Heard somebody yodel and a hobo moan Jimmy he's dead, he's been a long time gone Been a long time gone, a long time gone  If you wanna get to heaven, gotta D-I-E You've gotta put on your coat and T-I-E If you wanna get the rabbit out of the L-O-G You've gotta make a commotion like D-O-G Now, like D-O-G, like D-O-G, yeah  Well, I've got a good woman, what's the matter with me? What makes me wanna love every woman I see? I was travelin' when I met her, now I'm travelin' again And every woman she sees looks like a place I came in Looks like a place I came in, a place I came in  I've got my name painted on my shirt I ain't no ordinary dude I don't have to work I don't have to work, no|Rock
waylonjennings|Clyde|Whoop, Whoop  Clyde plays electric bass, Plays it with finese and grace Set on a porch, ain't got no shoes Pickin' the bass and singin' the blues  Misery loves company, This ole dog sings harmony, Tamborine tied to his tail, You can hear him moan, you can hear him wail, Yeah  Whew Jody baby, she got a dollar, Down the road,  you can hear her holler, Git up Clyde, we got things to do, That ole dog can sing the blues,  He don't move, he don't flinch Clyde, he don't move an inch, Set on a porch, ain't got no shoes, Pickin' the bass and singin' the blues Whoop Whoop  Clyde plays electric bass, Played it with finese and grace Set on a porch, ain't got no shoes Pickin' the bass and singin' the blues|Rock
waylonjennings|If You See Me Getting Smaller|Willie we've been constant companion You know the light and shade We have spent a million dollars Find out what we made.  We have made the maidens marvel The things we do and say Down, down and out brother Up, up in the way.  If you see me gettin' smaller I'm leavin' don't be free there Just got to get away from here If you see me gettin' smaller don't worry and no hurry I've got the right to disappear.  God bless old Philadelphia They were standing in the rain Out in front of a main yard Wet and lonely train.  Who knows who they came to see A mad man full of beer A four piece band and a charter bus May further line career.  If you see me gettin' smaller I'm leavin' don't be free there Just got to get away from here If you see me gettin' smaller don't worry and no hurry I've got the right to disappear...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lucille|One, two, three, four,  In a barroom in Toledo across from the depot On a barstool she took off her ring I thought I'd get closer so I walked on over I sat down and asked her, her name.  When the drinks fin'lly hit her she said I'm no quitter But I finally quit livin' on dreams Hungry for laughter and here ever after I'm after whatever the other life brings.  In the mirror I saw him I closely watched him I saw the look in his eyes He came to the woman who sat there beside me And slowly started to cry.  His big hands were calloused he looked like a mountain For a minute I thought I was dead But he started shaking his big heart was breaking As he turned to the woman and said.  You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille With a four hungry children and a crop in the field I've had some sad times, lived through some bad times But this time your hurtin' won't heal. You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille.  After he left us I ordered more whiskey She said let's go have a ball From the lights of the barroom to a rented hotel room We walked without talkin' at all.  Lord, she was a beauty but when she came to me She must've thought that I'd lost my mind I couldn't hold her 'cause the words that he told her Came back to me time after time.  You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille With a four hungry children and a crop in the field I've had some sad times, lived through some bad times But this time your hurtin' won't heal. You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille.|Rock
waylonjennings|Sweet Caroline|Where it began I can't begin knowin' but I know it's growin' strong First was the spring and spring became the summer who'd believe you'd come along Hands touching hands reaching out touching me touching you Sweet Caroline good times never seemed so good I'm inclined to believe they never would  Look at the night doesn't seem so lonely fill it up with only two And when I hurt it runs off my shoulder how can I hurt when I'm holdin' you Warm touching warm reaching out touching me touching you Oh sweet Caroline... Sweet Caroline... Oh sweet Caroline good times never seemed so good|Rock
waylonjennings|It's Alright|J. J. Cale's my hero, best I ever heard But you gotta sing a little louder, hoss, 'cause I can't hear the words Some folks call it rock and rol, others call it blues But I detect a country soul, when I seen his cowboy shoes And it's alright It's alright It may not be right, but it's alright  George might show up flyin' high, if George shows up at all But he may be, unconsciously, the greatest of them all From the Beatles and me in Nashville, to the billies and the Rolling Stones If we all sounded like we wanted to, we'd all sound like George Jones And it's alright It's alright It may not be right, but it's alright  Jesse she's my woman boys, poor little ugly thing She tells me just how smart I am, so I'll teach her how to sing When I'm wrong and then she nails me, I get her with the same old line And it's alright It's alright It may not be right, but it's alright|Rock
waylonjennings|I Think I'm Gonna Kill Myself|So long to you, hope I don't make you blue, Think I'm gonna kill myself, think I'm gonna myself. Apart we've grown, now I can't go on alone. Think I'm gonna kill myself, think I'm gonna myself. Now dig my grave with a silver spade, a gold chain lay me down and down. Send my remains to my best friend, the rest to my hole in the ground. Send the rest to my hole in the ground. I bow my head, cause in the mornin' I'm a gonna be dead. Think I'm gonna kill myself, think I'm gonna myself. Now dig my grave with a silver spade, a gold chain lay me down and down. Send my remains to my best friend, the rest to my hole in the ground. Send the rest to my hole in the ground.|Rock
waylonjennings|Do It Again|In the morning you go gunning For the man who stole your water And you fire till he's done in But they catch you on the border And the mourners are all singing As they drag you by your feet But the Hangman isn't hanging And they put you on the street  You go back, Jack, do it again Wheels turning 'round and 'round You go back, Jack, do it again  Well, you know she's no high climber Then you find your only friend In a room with your two timer And you're sure you're near the end Then you love a little wild one And she brings you only sorrow All the time you know she's smilin' You'll be on your knees tomorrow  You go back, Jack, do it again Wheels turning 'round and 'round You go back, Jack, do it again  Now you'll swear and kick and beg us That you're not a gamblin' man Then you find you're back in Vegas With a handle in your hand Your black cards can bring you money So you hide them when you're able In the land of milk and honey You must put them on the table  You go back, Jack, do it again Wheels turning 'round and 'round You go back, Jack, do it again|Rock
waylonjennings|Sweet Music Man|She said sing a song sweet music man 'Cause I won't be there to hold your hand like I used to I'm through with you You're a hell of a singer and powerful man But you surround yourself with people who Demand so little of you.  You touched my soul with your beautiful song Even had me singin' along right with you you said I need you Then you changed the words and added harmony Sang the song you had written for me to someone new.  Nobody sings love songs quite like you do Nobody else can make me sing along Nobody else can make me feel the things are right When I know they're wrong Nobody sings love songs quite like you.  Sing your song sweet music man Travel the world with a six piece band that does for you What you ask me to And you try to stay young but the songs are sung To so many people who've all begun came back on you.  Sing your song sad music man Makin' your living doing one night stands They're through with you they don't need you You're still a hell of a singer but a broken man.  But you'll keep on lookin' for one last fan to sing to Nobody sings a love song quite like you do Nobody else can make me sing along Nobody else can make me feel the things are right When they're wrong with a song Nobody sings a love song quite like you.  She said, sing your song sweet music man I believe in you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Belle of the Ball|A vagabond dreamer, a rhymer and singer of songs Singing to no one and nowhere to really belong I met a beautiful lady, a pure Southern belle of the ball Like Scarlet O'Hara loved no one and wanted them all  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I'll never forget you and love you inspite of your faults The good and the bad I want to remember it all I did a new dance and you did your Tennessee Waltz The party's all over I came uninvited I'm leaving and taking the belle of the ball  There will always be someone I guess that's the way it should be I guess i should know that someone used to be me They'll gather around her soon they'll all look the same At the feet of the lady are lover's without any names  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Rock
waylonjennings|Storms Never Last|Storms never last do they baby Bad times all pass with the wind Your hand in mine stills the thunder And you make the sun want to shine.  You followed me down so many roads baby I've picked wild flowers and sung you soft sad songs And every road we took God knows Our search was for the truth And the clouds brewing now won't be the last.  Storms never last do they baby Bad times all pass with the wind Your hand in mine stills the thunder And you make the sun want to shine.  Storms never last do they Jessi Bad times all pass with the wind Your hand in mine stills the thunder And you make the sun want to shine...|Rock
waylonjennings|Till I Gain Control Again|Just like the sun over the mountain top You know I'll always come again You know I love to spend my morning time Like sunlight dancing on your skin.  And I have never gone so long just for telling lies to you What you've seen is what I've been There is nothing that I can hide a few You see me better than I can.  Out on the road that lies before me now There are some turns where I will spin I only hope that you will hold me now Till I gain control again.  Just like a lighthouse you must stand alone And mark the sailor's journey's end And no matter what sea that I've been sailing on I'll always roll this way again.  Out on the road that lies before me now There are some turns where I will spin I only hope that you will hold me now Till I gain control again...|Rock
waylonjennings|He Went to Paris|He went to Paris lookin' for answers To questions that bothered him so He was impressive young and agressive Savin' the world on his own.  Warm summer breezes French wine and cheeses Put his ambition at bay The summers and winters scattered like splinters And four or five years slipped away.  He went to England played the piano And married an actress named Kim They had a good life she was a good wife And bore him a young son named Jim.  All of the answers and all of the questions He locked in his attic one day 'Cause he liked the quiet clean country livin' And twenty more years slipped away.  War took his baby bombs killed his lady And left him with only one eye His body was battered his whole world was shattered All he could do was just cry.  While the tears were fallin' he was recallin' Answers that he never found So he hopped in a freighter skidded the ocean And left England without a sound.  Now he lives in the island fishes the pilin' And drinks his green label each day Writin' his memoirs losin' his hearin' But he don't care what most people say.  After eighty-six years of perpetual motion If he likes you he'll smile and say Well, some of it's magic probably tragic But I had a good life all the way.  He went to Paris lookin' for answers To questions that bothered him so...|Rock
waylonjennings|Brand New Goodbye Song|Baby, go down to the drugstore buy me a guitar string Be sure to wear your coat girl 'cause it might rain 'Cause honey, you know that rain is bad for my guitar strings Put on your warm coat honey, it's gonna be cold tonight Put on the one that's warm and long 'Cause you're just before hearin' my brand new goodbye song.  Baby, I've tried your doctors, they just couldn't make me well The higher I tried to climb the farther I fell I guess it must have blew my mind sniffing the fumes of hell Put on your warm coat honey, it's gonna be cold tonight Put on the one that's warm and long 'Cause you're just before hearin' my brand new goodbye song.  Baby, throw away my pillow just before you turn the light All you'll have next to you now will be the night I'll be somewhere wrong you'll be somewhere right Put on your warm coat honey, it's gonna be cold tonight Put on the one that's warm and long 'Cause you're just before hearin' my brand new goodbye song.|Rock
waylonjennings|Satin Sheets|Wish I was a millionaire I'd play rock music and grow long hair I tell you boys I'd drive a new Rolls Royce Pretty women hangin' on me I'd give 'em all the third degree Satin sheets to keep 'em off of the streets.  Hallelujah, hear me talkin' to ya Praise the Lord and pass the tambourine Great Jehova, you'll come over As soon as ya see me boogie woogie cross the silver screen.  Hang 'em high and hang 'em low Put 'em in the eyes wherever I go Keep 'em all night feelin' just right  Hallelujah, hear me talkin' to ya Praise the Lord and pass the tambourine Great Jehova, you'll come over As soon as ya see me boogie woogie cross the silver screen...|Rock
waylonjennings|What About You|The days have been long and I have been lonesome Recalling the dreams that never came true Nights have been lonely but now that's all over 'Cause I've payed my debt for trusting in you.  Every day your mem'ry grows dimmer Clouds drift away, sunshine peeps through Every night no longer you'll haunt me My conscience is clear, what about you?  It's hard to believe that you are the same one That once meant so much that I loved so true It's hard to know I've worshipped to wrong one But I've paid for it what about you.  Every day your mem'ry grows dimmer Clouds drift away, sunshine peeps through Every night no longer you'll haunt me My conscience is clear, what about you?  Every day your mem'ry grows dimmer Clouds drift away, sunshine peeps through Every night no longer you'll haunt me My conscience is clear, what about you?...|Rock
waylonjennings|Waltz Across Texas|When we dance together my world's in disguise It's a fairyland tale that's come true When you look at me girl with those stars in your eyes I could waltz across Texas with you.  Waltz across Texas with you in my arms Waltz across Texas with you Like a storybook ending I'm lost in your charms And I could waltz across Texas with you.  My heartaches and troubles are just up and gone The moment you come into view With your hand in mine dear I could dance on and on And waltz across Texas with you.  Waltz across Texas with you in my arms Waltz across Texas with you Like a storybook ending I'm lost in your charms And I could waltz across Texas with you.|Rock
waylonjennings|Workin' Cheap|Every since the day I was big enough to put my pants on by myself You could find me somewhere with the radio turned on Then one night I gave my heart to an old beat-up guitar It never left my arms till I was almost grown  I had to try my hand as a workin' man tried to be my daddy's son But my mind was packed and gone and headed south Momma said I'll pray for you then she said goodbye To the only one out of seven that didn't work out  Now I'm way down hear in Dixie playing honky tonk music Keepin' some joint a jumpin' every night of the week Lord knows it's hard to keep a dance hall woman happy When you're drinkin' a little too much and you're workin' cheap  Well I ain't done a thing I can brag about to anyone back home Just another night club singer with a real good band If a jealous woman don't kill me and momma keeps on prayin' Someday I might be more than what I am  Now I'm way down hear in Dixie... When you're drinkin' a little too much and you're workin' cheap|Rock
waylonjennings|What Bothers Me Most|I could lay aside my better judgement I could turn my back on all the pain Make believe you mean it when you touch me And be fool enough to think you'd change  I'm no fool and you're not changing You know I'm telling the heartbreaking truth You've gone wild and I'm going crazy And what bothers me most is I don't bother you  Late at night you're such a great temptation I'm too weak to fight you everytime Lying in my bed of desperation I want you lying in these arms of mine  I'm no fool and you're not changing... Oh what bothers me most is I don't bother you|Rock
waylonjennings|The Eagle|Lord knows I am peaceful when I'm left alone I've always been an Eagle, been awhile since I have flown My claws are sharp as ever, so's my Eagle eye Something's gonna go tonight, when the eagle flies  Lately I've heard rumors that the eagle may be lame Just because I've been idle, don't mean that I'm tame You've jeopardized my freedom, my natural place to roost I can fly when I have to, if they turn the eagle loose  So lay all your doubts aside when you go to bed tonight My feathers are all ruffled now, I'm ready for a fight Just because I took awhile to fly that don't mean I don't care When you feel the shadow crossing, the eagle's in the air  So lay all your doubts aside when you go to bed tonight My feathers are all ruffled now, I'm ready for a fight Just because I took awhile to fly that don't mean I don't care When you feel the shadow crossing, the eagle's in the air When you feel the shadow crossing, the eagle's in the air|Rock
waylonjennings|Her Man|I'm gonna change my ways of doing things around here I'm turning over a new leaf gonna get myself in gear Cause I've got a woman who's better than most And I've made a mess of her plans So startin' today all I'm gonna be is her man  I've been a wild catter and a go go getter Been an SOB right down to the letter I've had misadventures I even got pictures Of even more than I can stand So startin' today all I want a be is her man  I'm gonna give it all back cause all I've done is take I've put her on the back burner while I was out on the make But I've got a woman who's good enough to give me A second chance again So starting today all I'm gonna be is her man  I've been a wild catter and a go go getter Been an SOB right down to the letter I've had misadventures I even got pictures Of even more than I can stand So startin' today all I want a be is her man  I'm a little bit late but I'm wise enough I'm taking her by the hand Startin' today all I want a be is her man|Rock
waylonjennings|Wrong|It was a picture perfect wedding We had the whole world at our feet Everyone thought we were Heading down a lovers easy street  We'd have a house out in the country A picket fence, the whole nine yards They said our love would last forever It was written in the stars  Wrong I should have known it all along When the future looks too bright Can't be anything but right Wrong  I was all but devastated When she told me we were through In a while the heartache faded And I found somebody new  I swore that this time would be different I had it all figured out I wouldn't make the same mistakes I knew what love was all about  Wrong I should have known it all along When the future looks too bright Can't be anything but right Wrong  Wrong Everything was going strong The sky was always blue Thought my dreams had all come true Wrong Wrong.|Rock
waylonjennings|Where Corn Don't Grow|As we sat on the front porch of that old grey house where I was born and raised Stared out at the dusty fields where daddy always worked hard eveyday I think it kind of hurt him when i said "Daddy there's a lot that I don't know But don't you ever dream about a life where corn don't grow"  He just sat there silent staring in his favorite coffee cup I saw a storm of mixed emotions in his eyes when he looked up He said "Son I know at your age it feels like this ol' world is turning slow And you think you'll find the answer to it all,where corn don't grow"  Hard times are real,there's dusty fields No matter where you go You may change your mind,'cause the weeds are high Where corn don't grow  I remember feeling guilty when daddy turned and walked back in the house I was only seventeen back then but it seems like I knew more than I do now I can't say he didn't tell me this city life's a hard row to hoe It's funny how a dream can turn around,where corn don't grow  Hard times are real,there's dusty fields No matter where you go You may change your mind,'cause the weeds are high Where corn don't grow  You may change your mind,'cause the weeds are high  Where corn don't grow|Rock
waylonjennings|Reno And Me|Reno and me hit the freeway, south out of town on the run Reno was driving he asked me to roll him one I turned on the radio, I found us some sweet Emmylou I sang the harmony, low down and out of key Reno just howled at the moon  Somewhere outside Kansas City, on a highway that leads to Cheyenne The radio put a song by a mexican band Well I guess we were lost in thoughts of brown skin girls, took a couple Wrong turns in a row Reno and me just laughed and agreed It don't matter which way you go  It don't matter which way you go, when you're calling the highway your home Every old town is your past burning down, it don't matter which way you go  All of our old friends got married, doing all of their business in town Climbing a ladder that leads to a hole in the ground Reno and Me talked it all out, one thing that we'll never know What's the point of a race where you stay in one place Believing there's somewhere to go  It don't matter which way you go, when you're calling the highway your home Every old town is your past burning down, it don't matter which way you go  It don't matter which way you go, when you're calling the highway your home Every old town is your past burning down, it don't matter which way you go|Rock
waylonjennings|I Know About Me, Don't Know About You|Some folks walk, some folks run Some folks start what they can't get done Getting stuck in the middle is all they do  Some go chasing after thrills Some come rolling down the hill And some folks gotta win, some gotta lose  I don't see the need for feeling blue So little time, so much to do I'll still be dancing, when the song is through I know about me, I don't know about you  Some folks are blinded by the light Some folks only see at night Some fools have to feel their way back home  Lonely live's with no regret Holding things they can't forget Some folks have to live their lives alone  I don't see the need for feeling blue So little time, so much to do I'll go out smiling when life is through I know about me, don't know about you  I don't see the need for feeling blue So little time, so much to do I'll still be dancing, when the song is through I know about me, I don't know about you|Rock
waylonjennings|Too Close To Call|I have battled with the demons for my soul Like a soldier unafraid, stood straight and tall With strong convictions fought for what I thought was right and wrong But I wonder when it stands in judgement hall Will it go down as one too close to call  I have faced that cunning ennemy called time For awhile I held him cold and to a draw As he rode away he said another place and day 'Cause you can't erase the writing on the wall Although this one was just too close to call  As I wrestled with my deepest fear in life I was captured by the shadows on the wall I was brave but just the same, I was glad when morning came Because now and then the footsteps in the hall Remind me it was just too close to call  I have watched my mind dance too close to the edge As I stood among the crowd to see it fall Sometimes now I cling to what I hope is sanity I stagger on this fine like that I walk And wonder is it just too close to call|Rock
waylonjennings|Waking Up With You|Like a sail that's torn and can't ride the wind Here I stand looking both ways again I'm a dollar short on a three dollar night Turning left cause I ain't got no right. I keep thinking this time maybe it But somehow all the pieces just won't fit But I'll always have a dream to hold on to Just as long as I keep waking up with you. You told me once that storms never last I know it's true oh so true Just when I think the clouds will never pass Like a silver lining you come shining through. I know you'll always be there right or wrong Together we'll keep on keeping on And I'll always have a dream to hold on to Just as long as I keep waking up with you. You told me once that storms never last I know it's true oh so true Just when I think the clouds will never pass Like a silver lining you come shining through. I know you'll always be there right or wrong Together we'll keep on keeping on And I'll always have a dream to hold on to Just as long as I keep waking up with you. I'll always have a dream to hold on to Just as long as I keep waking up with you...|Rock
waylonjennings|Old Church Hymns And Nursery Rhymes|Blow on you restless wind up to your old tricks again Bear down you Texas sun you make the desserts dry and the brush fires run Splintered wood rusty chains this old front porch swing remains A pendelum of memories goes back and forth on a summer breeze  Singing old church hymns and nursery rhymes From the days way back before my time With a little child upon my knee singing every sweet word back to me Look how far I had to come to get back where I started from With a child's wisdom passing time Singing old church hymns and nursery rhymes  I've run the race I've walked the wire I paid the price of my desire And the only time I've known it all is just before I took a fall So howl you lone coyote song fade to sapphire sky of dawn Count me in the lucky men to send the world around again  Singing old church hymns and nursery rhymes...|Rock
waylonjennings|If You See Me Getting Smaller|Willie we've been constant companion You know the light and shade We have spent a million dollars Find out what we made.  We have made the maidens marvel The things we do and say Down, down and out brother Up, up in the way.  If you see me gettin' smaller I'm leavin' don't be free there Just got to get away from here If you see me gettin' smaller don't worry and no hurry I've got the right to disappear.  God bless old Philadelphia They were standing in the rain Out in front of a main yard Wet and lonely train.  Who knows who they came to see A mad man full of beer A four piece band and a charter bus May further line career.  If you see me gettin' smaller I'm leavin' don't be free there Just got to get away from here If you see me gettin' smaller don't worry and no hurry I've got the right to disappear...|Rock
waylonjennings|Lucille|One, two, three, four,  In a barroom in Toledo across from the depot On a barstool she took off her ring I thought I'd get closer so I walked on over I sat down and asked her, her name.  When the drinks fin'lly hit her she said I'm no quitter But I finally quit livin' on dreams Hungry for laughter and here ever after I'm after whatever the other life brings.  In the mirror I saw him I closely watched him I saw the look in his eyes He came to the woman who sat there beside me And slowly started to cry.  His big hands were calloused he looked like a mountain For a minute I thought I was dead But he started shaking his big heart was breaking As he turned to the woman and said.  You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille With a four hungry children and a crop in the field I've had some sad times, lived through some bad times But this time your hurtin' won't heal. You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille.  After he left us I ordered more whiskey She said let's go have a ball From the lights of the barroom to a rented hotel room We walked without talkin' at all.  Lord, she was a beauty but when she came to me She must've thought that I'd lost my mind I couldn't hold her 'cause the words that he told her Came back to me time after time.  You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille With a four hungry children and a crop in the field I've had some sad times, lived through some bad times But this time your hurtin' won't heal. You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille.|Rock
waylonjennings|Best Friends of Mine|I guess Phoenix hard times and hard work helped shape the mold We pushed an old Chrystler a hell of a lot further than we rode I remember when our biggest dream Was breakin' the bank on some pinball machine Well ol' Jim hit the jackpot in Idaho Falls, Idaho After all of this time, he's still a best friend of mine, one of a kind  In Missoula Montana out under that unending sky There in a valley it would make any southern boy smile With the stars and the bars and a breeze  Hank and his lady are takin' it easy Deep in the west you might say colonial style After all of this time, he's still a best friend of mine, one of a kind  He was a legend, I was a redneck and green The first to believe, he took me under his wing Now the edges are still pretty rough But when I'm loggin' that guitar and struttin' my stuff Old Buddy, old friend, you were the start of the dream And after all of this time, he's still a best friend of mine, one of a kind  <i>[BRIDGE:]</i> All laughin' and jokin' aside I can honestly say and say it with pride Somewhere, sometime in this life of mine I must have done somethin' all right Somewhere, sometime in this life of mine I must have done somethin' all right|Rock
waylonjennings|Just Watch Your Mama and Me|You are my children, my gifts to the World, you are the lights of my life, You all have your good hearts, you have your own strenght, so I know you'll all do all the right. As I look to the future from this day in time, the truth is I don't have the clue, There are modern day wonders I don't understand, so I'll give that all up to you.  But if you want to learn how to dance, just watch your mama and me, Just a good ol' boy and his lady, nothin' too fancy to see, If you want to be happy, just watch your mama and me.  There are so many changes, changing too fast, things I know nothing about, Some things remain, just stay the same, and that's where I might help you out.  So if you want to learn how to dance, just watch your mama and me, Just a good ol' boy and his lady, nothin' too fancy to see, If you want ot be happy, just watch your mama and me.|Rock
waylonjennings|Sweet Caroline|Where it began I can't begin knowin' but I know it's growin' strong First was the spring and spring became the summer who'd believe you'd come along Hands touching hands reaching out touching me touching you Sweet Caroline good times never seemed so good I'm inclined to believe they never would  Look at the night doesn't seem so lonely fill it up with only two And when I hurt it runs off my shoulder how can I hurt when I'm holdin' you Warm touching warm reaching out touching me touching you Oh sweet Caroline... Sweet Caroline... Oh sweet Caroline good times never seemed so good|Rock
waylonjennings|I Think I'm Gonna Kill Myself|So long to you, hope I don't make you blue, Think I'm gonna kill myself, think I'm gonna myself. Apart we've grown, now I can't go on alone. Think I'm gonna kill myself, think I'm gonna myself. Now dig my grave with a silver spade, a gold chain lay me down and down. Send my remains to my best friend, the rest to my hole in the ground. Send the rest to my hole in the ground. I bow my head, cause in the mornin' I'm a gonna be dead. Think I'm gonna kill myself, think I'm gonna myself. Now dig my grave with a silver spade, a gold chain lay me down and down. Send my remains to my best friend, the rest to my hole in the ground. Send the rest to my hole in the ground.|Rock
waylonjennings|Belle of the Ball|A vagabond dreamer, a rhymer and singer of songs Singing to no one and nowhere to really belong I met a beautiful lady, a pure Southern belle of the ball Like Scarlet O'Hara loved no one and wanted them all  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I'll never forget you and love you inspite of your faults The good and the bad I want to remember it all I did a new dance and you did your Tennessee Waltz The party's all over I came uninvited I'm leaving and taking the belle of the ball  There will always be someone I guess that's the way it should be I guess i should know that someone used to be me They'll gather around her soon they'll all look the same At the feet of the lady are lover's without any names  <i>[Chorus]</i>|Rock
waylonjennings|Till I Gain Control Again|Just like the sun over the mountain top You know I'll always come again You know I love to spend my morning time Like sunlight dancing on your skin.  And I have never gone so long just for telling lies to you What you've seen is what I've been There is nothing that I can hide a few You see me better than I can.  Out on the road that lies before me now There are some turns where I will spin I only hope that you will hold me now Till I gain control again.  Just like a lighthouse you must stand alone And mark the sailor's journey's end And no matter what sea that I've been sailing on I'll always roll this way again.  Out on the road that lies before me now There are some turns where I will spin I only hope that you will hold me now Till I gain control again...|Rock
waylonjennings|Easy Money|I didn't rob no bank or break no teller machine I didn't mug nobody or steal from a widow's child But I'll take your money and do a little dance and sing But to tell the truth, I'm only gonna keep it a while  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Easy money, easy come and easy go Easy money, easy come, where it goes, I don't know  Never could hold on when anything wasn't mine Trouble's all it ever got me into And knowin' that I'd just be wastin' time Thinkin' I could ever hold onto you  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Easy lovin', easy come and easy go Easy lovin', easy come, where it goes, I don't know  I got a two-wide trailer on the banks of the Black Water Draw Back at the house it trickles down to a stream I ain't breakin' my back and I sure ain't breakin' the law Livin' on mud bud's a mainstay country cuisine  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Easy livin', easy come and easy go Easy livin', easy come, where it goes, I don't know  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Easy lovin', easy come and easy go Easy money, easy come, where it goes, I don't know|Rock
waylonjennings|The Blues Don't Care|I come from the country Grew up over <i>[?]</i> There are places I ain't welcomed And I had to loot and cry  I slipped in the back door Still I never got my share But the blues don't care  My best friend had to tell me What I could never see What that woman did the best Was run around on me  I had to learn the hard way That all in love ain't fair But the blues don't care  The blues don't care Now the blues don't care You can curse and complain Till it drives you insane But the blues don't care  I tried to reach for higher ground Never dream that I could fall I believed that I could fly High above it all  Talk about hitting bottom Brother I have been there And the blues don't care  I laughed and talked with Jesus Told it all to Him I am afraid I told Him too much For Him to let me in  Chances are He'll lose my number When the roll is called up there But the blues don't care But the blues don't care No, the blues don't care  You can curse and complain You can say it just ain't fair But the blues don't care The blues don't care|Rock
waylonjennings|Brand New Goodbye Song|Baby, go down to the drugstore buy me a guitar string Be sure to wear your coat girl 'cause it might rain 'Cause honey, you know that rain is bad for my guitar strings Put on your warm coat honey, it's gonna be cold tonight Put on the one that's warm and long 'Cause you're just before hearin' my brand new goodbye song.  Baby, I've tried your doctors, they just couldn't make me well The higher I tried to climb the farther I fell I guess it must have blew my mind sniffing the fumes of hell Put on your warm coat honey, it's gonna be cold tonight Put on the one that's warm and long 'Cause you're just before hearin' my brand new goodbye song.  Baby, throw away my pillow just before you turn the light All you'll have next to you now will be the night I'll be somewhere wrong you'll be somewhere right Put on your warm coat honey, it's gonna be cold tonight Put on the one that's warm and long 'Cause you're just before hearin' my brand new goodbye song.|Rock
waylonjennings|Satin Sheets|Wish I was a millionaire I'd play rock music and grow long hair I tell you boys I'd drive a new Rolls Royce Pretty women hangin' on me I'd give 'em all the third degree Satin sheets to keep 'em off of the streets.  Hallelujah, hear me talkin' to ya Praise the Lord and pass the tambourine Great Jehova, you'll come over As soon as ya see me boogie woogie cross the silver screen.  Hang 'em high and hang 'em low Put 'em in the eyes wherever I go Keep 'em all night feelin' just right  Hallelujah, hear me talkin' to ya Praise the Lord and pass the tambourine Great Jehova, you'll come over As soon as ya see me boogie woogie cross the silver screen...|Rock
waylonjennings|Untitled Waltz|Well I've got an old friend, he's wilder than you are I don't understand how he stays on his feet Just when you're thinking he's gonna go too far He pulls it all in and he don't miss a beat  He's walked beside me, he's never denied me If hee had to hide me then by God he would One thing he taught that I carry inside me We all got where we are as fast as we could  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Saints are just sinners who never quit tryin' Losers are winners who pick their own day And we're all just beginners when it comes time for dyin' But rest your mind easy 'cause you'll die anyway  Well I heard of this poet, come hell or high water Wrote a new poem a day every day of the week I asked what if some days don't work like they oughta He said I lower my standards and I get me some sleep  <i>[CHORUS]</i>  So you judges and juries and wild vigilantes If you got my number, my number's been changed Me and my woman gonna lay around this shanty Keep makin' love 'til that's all that remains  <i>[CHORUS]</i>  Rest your mind easy 'cause you'll die...anyway|Rock
waylonjennings|Closing in on the Fire|In the heat of the night we were feeling right Closing in on the fire Nowhere left to hide we were burnin' inside Closing in on the fire  We were movin' to the left, movin' to the right Move move all night long We were reachin' up, reachin' in Closing in on the fire  Oh I'll never forget we were into the sweat Just kept climbin' higher Had the right stuff couldn't get enough Closing in on the fire  We were reachin' up, reachin' down Closing in on the fire We were burnin' it up, burnin' it down Closing in on the fire  Couldn't let it go, it was out of control In way over our head You must sacrifice, you must pay the price When you're in way over your head  We were shakin' it up, shakin' it down Shake shake all night long It was raw to the up, raw to the down Raw raw to the bone, yeah|Rock
waylonjennings|I Know About Me, Don't Know About You|Some folks walk, some folks run Some folks start what they can't get done Getting stuck in the middle is all they do  Some go chasing after thrills Some come rolling down the hill And some folks gotta win, some gotta lose  I don't see the need for feeling blue So little time, so much to do I'll still be dancing, when the song is through I know about me, I don't know about you  Some folks are blinded by the light Some folks only see at night Some fools have to feel their way back home  Lonely live's with no regret Holding things they can't forget Some folks have to live their lives alone  I don't see the need for feeling blue So little time, so much to do I'll go out smiling when life is through I know about me, don't know about you  I don't see the need for feeling blue So little time, so much to do I'll still be dancing, when the song is through I know about me, I don't know about you|Rock
waylonjennings|No Expectations|Take me to the station And put me on a train I've got no expectations To pass through here again  Once I was a rich man Now I am so poor But never in my sweet short life Have I felt like this before  You heart is like a diamond You throw your pearls at swine And as I watch you leaving me You pack my peace of mind  Our love was like the water That splashes on a stone Our love is like our music It's here, and then it's gone  So take me to the airport And put me on a plane I got no expectations To pass through here again|Rock
waylonjennings|Best Friends of Mine|I guess Phoenix hard times and hard work helped shape the mold We pushed an old Chrystler a hell of a lot further than we rode I remember when our biggest dream Was breakin' the bank on some pinball machine Well ol' Jim hit the jackpot in Idaho Falls, Idaho After all of this time, he's still a best friend of mine, one of a kind  In Missoula Montana out under that unending sky There in a valley it would make any southern boy smile With the stars and the bars and a breeze  Hank and his lady are takin' it easy Deep in the west you might say colonial style After all of this time, he's still a best friend of mine, one of a kind  He was a legend, I was a redneck and green The first to believe, he took me under his wing Now the edges are still pretty rough But when I'm loggin' that guitar and struttin' my stuff Old Buddy, old friend, you were the start of the dream And after all of this time, he's still a best friend of mine, one of a kind  <i>[BRIDGE:]</i> All laughin' and jokin' aside I can honestly say and say it with pride Somewhere, sometime in this life of mine I must have done somethin' all right Somewhere, sometime in this life of mine I must have done somethin' all right|Rock
waylonjennings|Just Watch Your Mama and Me|You are my children, my gifts to the World, you are the lights of my life, You all have your good hearts, you have your own strenght, so I know you'll all do all the right. As I look to the future from this day in time, the truth is I don't have the clue, There are modern day wonders I don't understand, so I'll give that all up to you.  But if you want to learn how to dance, just watch your mama and me, Just a good ol' boy and his lady, nothin' too fancy to see, If you want to be happy, just watch your mama and me.  There are so many changes, changing too fast, things I know nothing about, Some things remain, just stay the same, and that's where I might help you out.  So if you want to learn how to dance, just watch your mama and me, Just a good ol' boy and his lady, nothin' too fancy to see, If you want ot be happy, just watch your mama and me.|Rock
waylonjennings|Only Daddy That'll Walk the Line|Everybody knows you've been steppin' on my toes And I'm gettin' pretty tired of it You keep a steppin' out of line  You're messin' with my mind If you had any sense you'd quit  <i>[Bridge:]</i> 'Cause ever since you were a little bitty teeny girl You said I was the only man in this whole world Now you better do some thinkin' then you'll find You got the only daddy that'll walk the line  I keep a workin' every day all you want to is play I'm tired of stayin' out all night I'm comin' unglued  From your funny little moods Now Honey baby that ain't right  <i>[Bridge]</i> <i>[riff 2x]</i> <i>[Solo]</i> <i>[riff 2x]</i>  You keep a packin' up my clothes nearly everybody knows That you're still just a puttin' me on But when I start a walkin'  Gonna hear you start a squawkin' And beggin' me to come back home  <i>[Bridge]</i>  You got the only daddy that'll walk the line|Rock
waylonjennings|California Sunshine|Go West Young Man the signs all seem to say There's San Diego, Frisco or LA Leave that cold, cold woman far behind Warm yourself in that California sunshine.  Go west young man become a movie star Or anything except the fool you are Expose the lonely corners of your mind To a little fad of that California sunshine.  I need a change I've headed up to here She's just playing game that's very clear But her play mate will soon be hard to find 'Cause I'll be in that California sunshine.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  They say those California girls are fine They know how to really walk your mind Well, one of you get ready 'cause you're mine I'm headin' for that California sunshine.  I need a change I've headed up to here She's just playing game that's very clear But her play mate will soon be hard to find 'Cause I'll be in that California sunshine.  Baby, I'll be in that California sunshine...|Rock
waylonjennings|Weakness in a Man|Honey, how you've changed It makes me wonder have I ever really known you How could you abuse and use The kindeness and tenderness that I have shown you.  If I had known then, I have shown The strenght on which my love could make a stand But you've mistaken tenderness and kindness For the weakness in your man.  I can give you almost anything If I know what you're looking for I can give you everything Any other man can give and more.  He may promise you the world But I can give you everything he can So don't mistake my tenderness For any sign of weakness in your man.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I may live my life alone With walls of stone inside some lonely cell But no man's gonna take the love I own And never live to tell the tale.  So don't forsake the vows you made And don't remove my little golden band And don't mistake my tenderness For any sign of weakness in your man.  Don't mistake my tenderness For any sign of weakness in your man...|Rock
waylonjennings|She's Too Good for Me|She don't like to hear me sing She don't want no diamond ring She don't want to drive my car She won't let me go that far  She don't like the way I look She don't like the things I cook She don't like the way I play She don't like the things I say  Oh, the games we play She's too good for me She's too good for me  She don't like the jokes I make She don't like the drugs I take She don't like the friends I got She don't like my friends a lot  She don't like the clothes I wear She don't like the way I stare She don't like the tales I tell She don't like the way I smell  Oh, the games we play She's too good for me She's too good for me  Would I prefer him if he washed himself more often than he does? Would I prefer him if he took me to an opera? Because he thought I'd fall for him This phony perfect man, he'll always be my <i>[?]</i>  She don't wanna meet my folks She don't wanna hear my jokes She don't like to fix my tie She don't even wanna try  She don't like the books I read She don't like the way I feed She don't wanna save my life She don't wanna be my wife  Oh, the games we play She's too good for me She's too good for me  She's too good for me She's too good for me She's too good for me She's too good for me|Rock
waylonjennings|Be Mine|When the green, green spring Is waiting for the sun to shine It knows the sun will shine In time... in time How long until the dawn? Is there any sign? How long until your love will be mine?  The sweetest dream I ever dreamed in all my life Was one of having you In time... in time Are you ever gonna wake up From the sleep you sleep? How long until your love will be mine?  Be mine Be mine How long until your love will be mine?  I've heard it said That a thousand years is like a day Just a twinkle of an eye In time... in time Just a moment full of grace My whole life would be If you would say your love could be mine  Be mine Be mine How long until your love will be mine?  Be mine Be mine How long until your love will be mine?|Rock
waylonjennings|Christina|Their eyes were upon me as they sat they're drinking Their hands reach up for you with lust in their hearts As you dance away I know just what they're thinking As I watch them watch you it just tears me apart.  Dance while my heart breaks, Christina Dance to the strings of your shame and my sorrow I'll take you home when it's over To dream all the dreams of a brighter tomorrow.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Your eyes fall out at them and the crowd all goes wild To them you're just a woman to go with their wine I look at you and all I can see is a child Hating the world makes you old before your time.  Dance while my heart breaks, Christina Dance to the strings of your shame and my sorrow I'll take you home when it's over To dream all the dreams of a brighter tomorrow.  Dance while my heart breaks, Christina Dance to the strings of your shame and my sorrow I'll take you home when it's over To dream all the dreams of a brighter tomorrow.|Rock
waylonjennings|Easy Money|I didn't rob no bank or break no teller machine I didn't mug nobody or steal from a widow's child But I'll take your money and do a little dance and sing But to tell the truth, I'm only gonna keep it a while  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Easy money, easy come and easy go Easy money, easy come, where it goes, I don't know  Never could hold on when anything wasn't mine Trouble's all it ever got me into And knowin' that I'd just be wastin' time Thinkin' I could ever hold onto you  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Easy lovin', easy come and easy go Easy lovin', easy come, where it goes, I don't know  I got a two-wide trailer on the banks of the Black Water Draw Back at the house it trickles down to a stream I ain't breakin' my back and I sure ain't breakin' the law Livin' on mud bud's a mainstay country cuisine  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Easy livin', easy come and easy go Easy livin', easy come, where it goes, I don't know  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Easy lovin', easy come and easy go Easy money, easy come, where it goes, I don't know|Rock
waylonjennings|The Blues Don't Care|I come from the country Grew up over <i>[?]</i> There are places I ain't welcomed And I had to loot and cry  I slipped in the back door Still I never got my share But the blues don't care  My best friend had to tell me What I could never see What that woman did the best Was run around on me  I had to learn the hard way That all in love ain't fair But the blues don't care  The blues don't care Now the blues don't care You can curse and complain Till it drives you insane But the blues don't care  I tried to reach for higher ground Never dream that I could fall I believed that I could fly High above it all  Talk about hitting bottom Brother I have been there And the blues don't care  I laughed and talked with Jesus Told it all to Him I am afraid I told Him too much For Him to let me in  Chances are He'll lose my number When the roll is called up there But the blues don't care But the blues don't care No, the blues don't care  You can curse and complain You can say it just ain't fair But the blues don't care The blues don't care|Rock
waylonjennings|Such a Waste of Love|Oh, such a waste of love True love and devotion Oh, such a waste of love On a heart so cold with no emotion.  I might as well just wrap it up And wash it down the drain 'Cause the little happiness I knew Just wasn't worth the pain.  You build me up And for a little while you let me live But love is the only thing I find you never learned to give.  Oh, such a waste of love True love and devotion Oh, such a waste of love On a heart so cold with no emotion.  Oh, such a waste of love True love and devotion Oh, such a waste of love On a heart so cold with no emotion...|Rock
waylonjennings|Kentucky Woman|Kentucky woman she shines with her own kind of light She'd look at you once and a day that's all wrong looks all right And I love her God knows I love her Kentucky woman If she gets to know you she gets to own you Kentucky woman She's not the kind gets turn at the drop of her name Cause somethin' iside that she's got turns you on just the same And she loves me God knows she loves me Kentucky woman If she gets to know you she gets to own you Kentucky woman Don't want much good Lord's earth beneath my feet A gentle touch from that one girl and life is Sweet and good there ain't no doubt talkin' about Kentucky woman If she gets to know you she gets to own you Kentucky woman Don't want much... Kentucky woman Kentucky woman|Rock
waylonjennings|Long Gone|Oh well, it's long gone, long gone You got my baby and you're long gone But I'll be a hangin' around I know you're gonna put her down She'll need someone that's true When she wakes up one day To find you're long gone, long gone.  You just wandered into town Took her and you started messin' around, with my baby You stole her heart 'cause she ain't used to your kind. With your fancy clothes and your uptown style It didn't take you but a little while to get your way 'Cause your pretty little lies she couldn't see behind.  And now it's long gone, long gone You got my baby and you're long gone But I'll be a hangin' around I know you're gonna put her down She'll need someone that's true When she wakes up one day To find you're long gone, long gone.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Well, a man in me would like to fight To take you down by the river tonight And rearrange your face But that would make her hate the site of me.  So there's nothing left for me to do Standin', watchin' that, the likes of me Hurt the girl I love while she's too much In love with you to see.  Oh well, it's long gone, long gone You got my baby and you're long gone But I'll be a hangin' around I know you're gonna put her down She'll need someone that's true When she wakes up one day To find you're long gone, long gone...|Rock
waylonjennings|Untitled Waltz|Well I've got an old friend, he's wilder than you are I don't understand how he stays on his feet Just when you're thinking he's gonna go too far He pulls it all in and he don't miss a beat  He's walked beside me, he's never denied me If hee had to hide me then by God he would One thing he taught that I carry inside me We all got where we are as fast as we could  <i>[CHORUS:]</i> Saints are just sinners who never quit tryin' Losers are winners who pick their own day And we're all just beginners when it comes time for dyin' But rest your mind easy 'cause you'll die anyway  Well I heard of this poet, come hell or high water Wrote a new poem a day every day of the week I asked what if some days don't work like they oughta He said I lower my standards and I get me some sleep  <i>[CHORUS]</i>  So you judges and juries and wild vigilantes If you got my number, my number's been changed Me and my woman gonna lay around this shanty Keep makin' love 'til that's all that remains  <i>[CHORUS]</i>  Rest your mind easy 'cause you'll die...anyway|Rock
waylonjennings|No Expectations|Take me to the station And put me on a train I've got no expectations To pass through here again  Once I was a rich man Now I am so poor But never in my sweet short life Have I felt like this before  You heart is like a diamond You throw your pearls at swine And as I watch you leaving me You pack my peace of mind  Our love was like the water That splashes on a stone Our love is like our music It's here, and then it's gone  So take me to the airport And put me on a plane I got no expectations To pass through here again|Rock
waylonjennings|You'll Think of Me|You have her now she's your life You're saying how she'll be your wife And I wish I could be happy for you But you see my friend I've been there too.  That's one more thing That'll bother you When she treats you like she's treated me You'll think of me.  When the new wears off And the glamor's gone But the ties that bind keep holding on And they're strong.  You'll think of me being with her Like I thought of her being with them And you and God knows who You're happy now but wait and see When she treats you like she's treated me.  As you wake to see Who the next will be,  You'll think of me. As you wake to see Who the next will be, You'll think of me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Wave Goodbye to Me|I'm just here to get my things and I'll be leaving And I've got somebody waitin' just outside So don't start to cry to me about your hurt and misery Cause the only thing that's hurtin' is your pride.  Wave goodbye to me and I'll be leaving Walk me to the door and say so long No need talking anymore saying things I've heard before Just wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone gone gone gone.  Wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Go tell all our friends that I'm a cheater Tell 'em how I caused you all this pain But if they start asking you just why I proved untrue That might not be so easy to explain.  Just wave goodbye to me and I'll be leaving Walk me to the door and say so long No need talking anymore saying things I've heard before Just wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone gone gone gone.  Wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone.  Wave goodbye to me and I'll be leaving Walk me to the door and say so long No need talking anymore saying things I've heard before Just wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone gone gone gone.  Wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone.  Gone, gone, gone, Wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone...|Rock
waylonjennings|Too Far Gone|I can tell that somewhere There's someone you loved more than me Someone you loved more than me And it hurts to say it But you have the right to be free I know that's the way it should be But I'm too far gone, too far gone I've loved you so much for so long I'm too far gone.  If ever your new love should Hurt you or make you feel blue Hurt you or make you feel blue Remember your old love will still be around loving you I'll be around loving you 'Cause I'm too far gone, too far gone I've loved you so much for so long I'm too far gone...|Rock
waylonjennings|Are You Sure Hank Done It This Way|Lord it's the same old tune, fiddle and guitar Where do we take it from here? Rhinestone suits and new shiny cars It's been the same way for years We need to change  Somebody told me when I came to Nashville Son you finally got it made Old Hank made it here, we're all sure that you will But I don't think Hank done it this way, no I don't think Hank done it this way, okay  Ten years on the road, making one night stand Speeding my young life away Tell me one more time just so I'll understand Are you sure Hank done it this way? Did old Hank really do it this way?  Lord I've seen the world with a five piece band Looking at the back side of me Singing my songs, one of his now and then But I don't think Hank done 'em this way, no I don't think Hank done 'em this way, take it home|Rock
waylonjennings|Only Daddy That'll Walk the Line|Everybody knows you've been steppin' on my toes And I'm gettin' pretty tired of it You keep a steppin' out of line  You're messin' with my mind If you had any sense you'd quit  <i>[Bridge:]</i> 'Cause ever since you were a little bitty teeny girl You said I was the only man in this whole world Now you better do some thinkin' then you'll find You got the only daddy that'll walk the line  I keep a workin' every day all you want to is play I'm tired of stayin' out all night I'm comin' unglued  From your funny little moods Now Honey baby that ain't right  <i>[Bridge]</i> <i>[riff 2x]</i> <i>[Solo]</i> <i>[riff 2x]</i>  You keep a packin' up my clothes nearly everybody knows That you're still just a puttin' me on But when I start a walkin'  Gonna hear you start a squawkin' And beggin' me to come back home  <i>[Bridge]</i>  You got the only daddy that'll walk the line|Rock
waylonjennings|I Recall a Gypsy Woman|Silver coins that jingle jangle fancy shoes that dance in time Oh the secrets of her dark eyes they did sing a gypsy rhyme Yellow clover in tangled blossoms in a meadow silky green Where she held me to her bosom, lord, just a boy of seventeen I recall a gypsy woman silver spangles in her eyes Ivory skin against the moonlight and the taste of life's sweet wine  Soft breezes blow from fragrant meadows stir the darkness in my mind Oh gentle woman you sleep beside me and little know who haunts my mind Gypsy lady I hear your laughter and it dances in my head While my tender wife and babies slumber softly in their bed I recall a gypsy woman...|Rock
waylonjennings|I've Been a Long Time Leaving|I've been a fool I've been a fool Forgivin' you each time that you've done me wrong I've been a long time leavin' but I'll be a long time gone  Loved you so much I loved you so much I stayed around when I should've moved along I've been a long time leaving but I'll be a long time gone Hello highline hello highway here come a big ole semi my way I stick up my thumb hear the truck come trees goin' by lookin' like a fly On my big legs are my Levi's hup hup hup hup I've been a fool...  Hello highline hello highway...|Rock
waylonjennings|California Sunshine|Go West Young Man the signs all seem to say There's San Diego, Frisco or LA Leave that cold, cold woman far behind Warm yourself in that California sunshine.  Go west young man become a movie star Or anything except the fool you are Expose the lonely corners of your mind To a little fad of that California sunshine.  I need a change I've headed up to here She's just playing game that's very clear But her play mate will soon be hard to find 'Cause I'll be in that California sunshine.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  They say those California girls are fine They know how to really walk your mind Well, one of you get ready 'cause you're mine I'm headin' for that California sunshine.  I need a change I've headed up to here She's just playing game that's very clear But her play mate will soon be hard to find 'Cause I'll be in that California sunshine.  Baby, I'll be in that California sunshine...|Rock
waylonjennings|Weakness in a Man|Honey, how you've changed It makes me wonder have I ever really known you How could you abuse and use The kindeness and tenderness that I have shown you.  If I had known then, I have shown The strenght on which my love could make a stand But you've mistaken tenderness and kindness For the weakness in your man.  I can give you almost anything If I know what you're looking for I can give you everything Any other man can give and more.  He may promise you the world But I can give you everything he can So don't mistake my tenderness For any sign of weakness in your man.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  I may live my life alone With walls of stone inside some lonely cell But no man's gonna take the love I own And never live to tell the tale.  So don't forsake the vows you made And don't remove my little golden band And don't mistake my tenderness For any sign of weakness in your man.  Don't mistake my tenderness For any sign of weakness in your man...|Rock
waylonjennings|Christina|Their eyes were upon me as they sat they're drinking Their hands reach up for you with lust in their hearts As you dance away I know just what they're thinking As I watch them watch you it just tears me apart.  Dance while my heart breaks, Christina Dance to the strings of your shame and my sorrow I'll take you home when it's over To dream all the dreams of a brighter tomorrow.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Your eyes fall out at them and the crowd all goes wild To them you're just a woman to go with their wine I look at you and all I can see is a child Hating the world makes you old before your time.  Dance while my heart breaks, Christina Dance to the strings of your shame and my sorrow I'll take you home when it's over To dream all the dreams of a brighter tomorrow.  Dance while my heart breaks, Christina Dance to the strings of your shame and my sorrow I'll take you home when it's over To dream all the dreams of a brighter tomorrow.|Rock
waylonjennings|The Door Is Always Open|Saw your picture in the paper and I see you've married good And I know that he can give you all the things I never could But I know that he can't give you what you need most of all So the door is always open and the light's on in the hall Yes the door is always open and the light's on in the hall And you know that I'll be waiting if you'd ever come to call  When night falls on that mansion and you're lying in his bed When he begs for your attention will you think of me instead When he reaches out to touch you is your face turned to the wall Well the door is always open and the light's on in the hall Yes the door is always open...|Rock
waylonjennings|Let's Turn Back the Years|Darling let's turn back my years and go back to yesterday Let's pretend that time has stopped and I didn't go away  We had our love to make us happy it wasn't meant to bring us tears Love like ours should never die so darling let's turn back the years  We had our love... Darling let's turn back my years... Darling let's turn back my years...|Rock
waylonjennings|Such a Waste of Love|Oh, such a waste of love True love and devotion Oh, such a waste of love On a heart so cold with no emotion.  I might as well just wrap it up And wash it down the drain 'Cause the little happiness I knew Just wasn't worth the pain.  You build me up And for a little while you let me live But love is the only thing I find you never learned to give.  Oh, such a waste of love True love and devotion Oh, such a waste of love On a heart so cold with no emotion.  Oh, such a waste of love True love and devotion Oh, such a waste of love On a heart so cold with no emotion...|Rock
waylonjennings|Kentucky Woman|Kentucky woman she shines with her own kind of light She'd look at you once and a day that's all wrong looks all right And I love her God knows I love her Kentucky woman If she gets to know you she gets to own you Kentucky woman She's not the kind gets turn at the drop of her name Cause somethin' iside that she's got turns you on just the same And she loves me God knows she loves me Kentucky woman If she gets to know you she gets to own you Kentucky woman Don't want much good Lord's earth beneath my feet A gentle touch from that one girl and life is Sweet and good there ain't no doubt talkin' about Kentucky woman If she gets to know you she gets to own you Kentucky woman Don't want much... Kentucky woman Kentucky woman|Rock
waylonjennings|Long Gone|Oh well, it's long gone, long gone You got my baby and you're long gone But I'll be a hangin' around I know you're gonna put her down She'll need someone that's true When she wakes up one day To find you're long gone, long gone.  You just wandered into town Took her and you started messin' around, with my baby You stole her heart 'cause she ain't used to your kind. With your fancy clothes and your uptown style It didn't take you but a little while to get your way 'Cause your pretty little lies she couldn't see behind.  And now it's long gone, long gone You got my baby and you're long gone But I'll be a hangin' around I know you're gonna put her down She'll need someone that's true When she wakes up one day To find you're long gone, long gone.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Well, a man in me would like to fight To take you down by the river tonight And rearrange your face But that would make her hate the site of me.  So there's nothing left for me to do Standin', watchin' that, the likes of me Hurt the girl I love while she's too much In love with you to see.  Oh well, it's long gone, long gone You got my baby and you're long gone But I'll be a hangin' around I know you're gonna put her down She'll need someone that's true When she wakes up one day To find you're long gone, long gone...|Rock
waylonjennings|She's Looking Good|Everybody that I see Says she's looking good There's no doubt about it She's looking good.  There's just one thing that worries me It happened this way before She's looking good and I'm afraid She'll find what she's looking for.  There was a time her love was mine And I was her whole world But from time to time she changed her mind Then she's a different girl.  She'll paint her face and comb her hair A picture that I adore And I die each time so afraid she'll find What she's looking for.  Mhm, she's looking good. Mhm, she's looking good...|Rock
waylonjennings|Dreaming My Dreams With You|I hope that I won't be that wrong anymore, And maybe I've learned this time.   I hope that I find what I'm reaching for,  The way that it is in my mind.  Someday I'll get over you. I'll live to see it all through. But I'll always miss, Dreaming my dreams with you.  But I won't let it change me, Not if I can. I'd rather believe in love. And give it away as much as I can, To those that I'm fondest of.  Someday I'll get over you. I'll live to see it all through. But I'll always miss, Dreaming my dreams with you.  Someday I'll get over you. I'll live to see it all through. But I'll always miss, Dreaming my dreams with you.|Rock
waylonjennings|Bob Wills Is Still the King|Well the honky-tonks in Texas were my natural second home Where you tip your hats to the ladies and the rose of San Antone I grew up on music that we called western swing It don't matter who's in Austin,Bob Wills is still the king  Lord I can still remember,the way things were back then In spite of all the hard times,I'd live it all again To hear the Texas playboys and Tommy Duncan sing Makes me proud to be from Texas where Bob Wills is still the king  You can hear the Grand Ol' Opry in Nashville Tennessee It's the home of country music,on that we all agree But when you cross that ol' Red River hoss that just don't mean a thing Cause' once you're down in Texas,Bob Wills is still the king  Well if you ain't never been there then I guess you ain't been told That you just can't live in Texas unless you got a lot of soul It's the home of Willie Nelson,the home of western swing He'll be the first to tell you,Bob Wills is still the king|Rock
waylonjennings|All Around Cowboy|Just a broken down cowboy, all down on his luck Been through the best of his friends On a long lonesome highway in an old pick-up truck Crossed Texas like a hot dusty wind  He was all around cowboy back in '49 From the top, it's been long way down Since the whiskey and the women, started winnin' his time They rode him high and hard to the ground  He remembers the thrill of bein' a winner In the days of his first rodeo But there's somethin' about winning That didn't last forever Maybe tomorrow things'll get better If the devil lets loose of his soul He'll be, be the all around cowboy again  So, he rolls up a smoke and he sips his Old Crow Wipes the whiskers that cover his chin And he grins as he dreams of old rodeo He's the all around cowboy again  He remembers the thrill of bein' a winner In the days of his first rodeo But there's somethin' about winning That didn't last forever Maybe tomorrow things'll get better If the devil lets loose of his soul He'll be, be the all around cowboy again|Rock
waylonjennings|Ride Me Down Easy|This highway she's harder than nine kinds of hell Light there it scares as the rain When you're down to your last shop with nothing to sell And too far away from the train.  It's been a good month of Sundays and a guitar to go Had a tall drink of yesterday's wine Left a lot of good friends some sheeps in the wind And satisfied women behind.  Ride me down easy Lord, ride me on down Leave word in the dust where I lay Say I'm easy, come easy go  And easy to love when I stay.  Put snow on the mountain, raise hell on the hill Lock horns with the devil himself Then the rodeo bum, a son of a gun And a hobo with stars in his crown.  Ride me down easy Lord, ride me on down Leave word in the dust where I lay Say I'm easy, come easy go  And easy to love when I stay.  Ride me down easy Lord, ride me on down Leave word in the dust where I lay Say I'm easy, come easy go  And easy to love when I stay...|Rock
waylonjennings|You'll Think of Me|You have her now she's your life You're saying how she'll be your wife And I wish I could be happy for you But you see my friend I've been there too.  That's one more thing That'll bother you When she treats you like she's treated me You'll think of me.  When the new wears off And the glamor's gone But the ties that bind keep holding on And they're strong.  You'll think of me being with her Like I thought of her being with them And you and God knows who You're happy now but wait and see When she treats you like she's treated me.  As you wake to see Who the next will be,  You'll think of me. As you wake to see Who the next will be, You'll think of me...|Rock
waylonjennings|Wave Goodbye to Me|I'm just here to get my things and I'll be leaving And I've got somebody waitin' just outside So don't start to cry to me about your hurt and misery Cause the only thing that's hurtin' is your pride.  Wave goodbye to me and I'll be leaving Walk me to the door and say so long No need talking anymore saying things I've heard before Just wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone gone gone gone.  Wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone.  <i>[Instrumental]</i>  Go tell all our friends that I'm a cheater Tell 'em how I caused you all this pain But if they start asking you just why I proved untrue That might not be so easy to explain.  Just wave goodbye to me and I'll be leaving Walk me to the door and say so long No need talking anymore saying things I've heard before Just wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone gone gone gone.  Wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone.  Wave goodbye to me and I'll be leaving Walk me to the door and say so long No need talking anymore saying things I've heard before Just wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone gone gone gone.  Wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone.  Gone, gone, gone, Wave goodbye to me and I'll be gone...|Rock
waylonjennings|Honky Tonk Heroes|Low down leaving sun, I've done did everything that needs done Woe is me, why can't i see I best be leaving well enough alone  Them neon light nights,couldn't stay out of fights Them keep a-haunting me in memories There's one in every crowd for crying out loud Why was it always turning out be me  Where does it go,the good Lord only knows It seems like it was just the other day I was down at Green Gables, hawking them tables And generally blowing all my hard earned pay Piano rolled blues,danced holes in my shoes There weren't another other way to be For loveable losers, no account boozers And honky tonk heroes like me  Where does it go,the good Lord only knows It seems like it was just the other day I was down at Green Gables, hawking them tables And generally blowing all my hard earned pay Piano rolled blues,danced holes in my shoes There weren't another other way to be For loveable losers, no account boozers And honky tonk heroes like me  Where does it go,the good Lord only knows It seems like it was just the other day I was down at Green Gables, hawking them tables And generally blowing all my hard earned pay Piano rolled blues,danced holes in my shoes There weren't another other way to be For loveable losers, no account boozers And honky tonk heroes like me|Rock
waylonjennings|Too Far Gone|I can tell that somewhere There's someone you loved more than me Someone you loved more than me And it hurts to say it But you have the right to be free I know that's the way it should be But I'm too far gone, too far gone I've loved you so much for so long I'm too far gone.  If ever your new love should Hurt you or make you feel blue Hurt you or make you feel blue Remember your old love will still be around loving you I'll be around loving you 'Cause I'm too far gone, too far gone I've loved you so much for so long I'm too far gone...|Rock
waylonjennings|Willy the Wandering Gypsy and Me|Three fingers whiskey pleasures the drinkers And moving does more than the same thing for me Willy he tells me that doers and thinkers say movin' is a closest thing to being free Willy rosins his riggins laid back his wages he's dead cert on ridin' the big rodeo My woman's tight with an overdue baby and Willy keeps yelling hey Gypsy let's go Willy you're wild as a Texas Blue Norther ready rolled from the same makins as me Well I reckon we're gonna ramble till hell freeze us over Willy the wandering Gypsy and me  Now ladies we surely will take up your favors And we'll surely worn you there never will be A single soul living that could put brand or handle On Willy the wandering Gypsy and me Well dance on the mountains shout in the canyons Swarm it ain't loose herd like a wild buffalo Jammin' our heads full of figures and angles and tellin' us stuff that we already know Willy you're wild... Yeah Willy you're wild...|Rock
waylonjennings|Are You Sure Hank Done It This Way|Lord it's the same old tune, fiddle and guitar Where do we take it from here? Rhinestone suits and new shiny cars It's been the same way for years We need to change  Somebody told me when I came to Nashville Son you finally got it made Old Hank made it here, we're all sure that you will But I don't think Hank done it this way, no I don't think Hank done it this way, okay  Ten years on the road, making one night stand Speeding my young life away Tell me one more time just so I'll understand Are you sure Hank done it this way? Did old Hank really do it this way?  Lord I've seen the world with a five piece band Looking at the back side of me Singing my songs, one of his now and then But I don't think Hank done 'em this way, no I don't think Hank done 'em this way, take it home|Rock
waylonjennings|Low Down Freedom|Long haired young girl here beside me Fit my body, warm my mind Sleeping quiet never knowin' By tomorrow she'll be one more thing I'm gonna leave behind.  Like them big wheels I'll be rollin' Like them rivers gonna flow to sea 'Cause I'd rather leave here knowin' That I'd made the fool of love Before it made the fool of me.  Low down freedom, you done cost me Everything I'll ever lose Lord You're as empty as my pockets From the top of where you start Down to the bottom of my shoes.  Open highway, lonesome wind blows Tell me something I don't know Wrapped in woman arms around me Tell me why I'm gonna leave And I don't really wanna go.  Low down freedom, you done cost me Everything I'll ever lose Lord You're as empty as my pockets From the top of where you start Down to the bottom of my shoes.  Low down freedom, you done cost me Everything I'll ever lose Lord You're as empty as my pockets From the top of where you start Down to the bottom of my shoes...|Rock
waylonjennings|I Recall a Gypsy Woman|Silver coins that jingle jangle fancy shoes that dance in time Oh the secrets of her dark eyes they did sing a gypsy rhyme Yellow clover in tangled blossoms in a meadow silky green Where she held me to her bosom, lord, just a boy of seventeen I recall a gypsy woman silver spangles in her eyes Ivory skin against the moonlight and the taste of life's sweet wine  Soft breezes blow from fragrant meadows stir the darkness in my mind Oh gentle woman you sleep beside me and little know who haunts my mind Gypsy lady I hear your laughter and it dances in my head While my tender wife and babies slumber softly in their bed I recall a gypsy woman...|Rock
waylonjennings|Omaha|Omaha you've been weighin' heavy on my mind Guess I never really left it all I'm turnin' all those roads I walked around the other way Coming back to you Omaha.  Omaha, Nebraska was that good enough for me Always thought I was the roamin' kind With the pockets full of dreams in my worn shirt on my back I left there looking for some things to find.  Rode my thumb to San Francisco I worked down by the bank Got some schoolin' faithful by the law The hardest thing I learned there was there ain't no easy way To get ahead behind those county walls.  So it's so long California reckon I'll be a movin' on I'm leavin' even if I had to crawl I've got some losin's laying round That I left them burn waitin' there for me in Omaha.  Omaha you've been weighin' heavy on my mind Guess I never really left it all I'm turnin' all those roads I walked around the other way Coming back to you Omaha.|Rock
waylonjennings|I've Been a Long Time Leaving|I've been a fool I've been a fool Forgivin' you each time that you've done me wrong I've been a long time leavin' but I'll be a long time gone  Loved you so much I loved you so much I stayed around when I should've moved along I've been a long time leaving but I'll be a long time gone Hello highline hello highway here come a big ole semi my way I stick up my thumb hear the truck come trees goin' by lookin' like a fly On my big legs are my Levi's hup hup hup hup I've been a fool...  Hello highline hello highway...|Rock
waylonjennings|Ain't No God in Mexico|Down the road a ways I've heard said A new day's coming on Where the women folks are friendly And the law leaves you alone  I'll believe it when I see it And I haven't seen it yet Don't mind me just keep on talking I'm just looking for my hat  There ain't no God in Mexico Ain't no way to understand How that border crossing feeling Makes a fool out of a man  If I'd never felt the sunshine Hell, I would not curse the rain If my feet could fit a railroad track I guess I'd been a train  Me and Louise Higgins Botham Used to chase across the yard Back in 1947 that's when More than times were hard  Well, pity me I didn't find The line in time like a fool In front of God and everybody I politely blew my cool  Ain't no God in Mexico Ain't no comfort in the kin When you're down in Matamoros Gettin' busted by the man  If I'd never felt the sunshine Hell, I would not curse the rain If I hadn't been railroaded Well I guess I'd been a train...|Rock
waylonjennings|Black Rose|Way down in Virginia Amongst the tall grown sugar canes Lived a simple man and a dominique hen And a rose of a different name.  Well, the first time I fell lightly I was standing in the drizzling rain With a trembling hand and a bottle of gin And a rose of a different name.  Well, the devil made me do it the first time The second time I done it on my own Lord, put a handle on a simple handed man And help me leave that black rose alone.  When the devil made that woman Lord, she threw the pattern away She was built for speed with the tools You need to make a new fool every day.  Way down deep and dirty On the darker side of shame I caught a cane cuttin' man with a bottle of gin With a rose of a different name.  The devil made me do it the first time The second time I done it on my own Lord, put a handle on a simple handed man And help me leave that black rose alone.  The devil made me do it the first time The second time I done it on my own Lord, put a handle on a simple handed man And help me leave that black rose alone...|Rock
waylonjennings|We Had It All|I can hear the wind a-blowing in my mind Just the way it used to sound through the Georgia pines And you were there to answer when I called You and me we had it all.  Remember how I used to touch your hair While reaching for the feeling that was always there You were the best thing in my life I can recall You and me we had it all.  I know that we can never live those times again So I let my dreams take me back to where we have been Then I'll stay with you girl as long as I can Oh, it was so good, oh, it was so good  Oh, it was so good when I was your man.  I'll never stop believing in your smile Even though you didn't stay it was all worth while You were the best thing in my life I can recall You and me we had it all.  You and me we had it all...|Rock
waylonjennings|Slow Rollin' Low|I got a slow rollin' low Ain't a mother would want me Done got me so down bent out of round Don't know my head from my toes.  Ain't a hand here to hold Ain't a shoulder to cry on Ain't a lesson to learn or a corner to turn Twixt the dyin' and me.  Lord, I wanted to be Something you could depend on Lawdy, Lawd, woe is me Ain't a body would care.  I got a slow rollin' low Forgot the words to my song Ain't that just like a fool to want a ride On them trains when the train is all gone.|Rock
waylonjennings|The Door Is Always Open|Saw your picture in the paper and I see you've married good And I know that he can give you all the things I never could But I know that he can't give you what you need most of all So the door is always open and the light's on in the hall Yes the door is always open and the light's on in the hall And you know that I'll be waiting if you'd ever come to call  When night falls on that mansion and you're lying in his bed When he begs for your attention will you think of me instead When he reaches out to touch you is your face turned to the wall Well the door is always open and the light's on in the hall Yes the door is always open...|Rock
waylonjennings|Let's Turn Back the Years|Darling let's turn back my years and go back to yesterday Let's pretend that time has stopped and I didn't go away  We had our love to make us happy it wasn't meant to bring us tears Love like ours should never die so darling let's turn back the years  We had our love... Darling let's turn back my years... Darling let's turn back my years...|Rock
georgejones|If I Were|If I were your friend then I wouldn't be very blue Cause sometimes you would have me around you If I were a smile I could feel your lips so warm If I were your love then would I be in your arms If I were a prayer you say before you go sleep tight Then I know I'd be in your mind tonight If I were a song the words you sing would tell of me If I were your love then I wouldn't be lonely Wishful thinking in a world of fantasy yes someone you just forgot And you only might as well believe for I can be something that I'm not If I were your picture your love for me would always last If I were your love then I wouldn't be just your past If I were your love then I wouldn't be just your past No if I were your love then I wouldn't be just your past|Country
georgejones|I'm a People|There I was on the marquee, a-workin' for a livin', I've been gettin' instead of a-givin'. A-hangin' by my tail, a-waitin' for the dinner bell, Puttin' humans off.  Every day, them fools rush in, And lay down my cage and watch them grin I put 'em all off, I'd hum a little song, An' watch 'em all go tee-hee.  But I spell a P, a little bitty E. Sweet bop, bop, bop, sh-shoo, shoobie doobie doh, In a little round O. Now you add another P, a big skinny L, There's a-one more E, An' you got a people that looks like me.  Now a monkey don't have to go down town, An' ask for a job an' gettin' turned down. I'm mad at me, I could smash me, 'Cause I am a people.  Now, a monkey don't have to shoot an' speak, All he do is drink his fees. Oh, me, what luxury. But I'm a people.  Now I spell a P, a little bitty E. Sweet bop, bop, bop, a-shoo, shoobie doobie doh, In a little round O. Now you add another P, a big skinny L, There's a-one more E, An' you got a creature that looks like me.  Now if anyone knocked on my door today, There'd be a little sign says: "Gone away. "Down to the zoo, diggin' you know who, 'Cause I'm a people.  Now I spell a P, a little bitty E. Sweet bop, bop, bop, sh-shoo, shoobie doobie doh, In a little round O. Now you add another P, a big skinny L, There's a-one more E, An' you got a creature that looks like me...|Country
georgejones|That's All It Took|That's all it took the mention of your name And all my love for you burst into flame I've tried so hard to let you go by look How I still tremble at your name that's all it took That's all it took to make me know that I still care It seems my heart just can't give up the dreams we used to share I tell my friends I'm happy but they read me like a book And when today I heard them say your name that's all it took That's all it took to make me yearn to your embrace I guess I might as well admit no one can take your place I tell my friends I'm happy but they read me like a book For when today I heard them say your name that's all it took For when today I heard them say your name that's all it took|Country
georgejones|Simply Divine|When your arms hold me I thrill through and through When your arms hold me I thrill the same too No other can take it from these arms of mine Oh, this feeling you give me is simply divine.  We're meant for each other, we both know it's true And everyone round us say the same too Just one kiss from your lips tells me you're mine Oh, this feeling you give me is simply divine.  Just being near you means so much to me If ever I'd lost you how lonesome I'd be I'll love you forever till the end of the time Oh this feeling you give me is simply divine.  We're meant for each other, we both know it's true And everyone round us say the same too Just one kiss from your lips tells me you're mine Oh, this feeling you give me is simply divine...|Country
waylonjennings|She's Looking Good|Everybody that I see Says she's looking good There's no doubt about it She's looking good.  There's just one thing that worries me It happened this way before She's looking good and I'm afraid She'll find what she's looking for.  There was a time her love was mine And I was her whole world But from time to time she changed her mind Then she's a different girl.  She'll paint her face and comb her hair A picture that I adore And I die each time so afraid she'll find What she's looking for.  Mhm, she's looking good. Mhm, she's looking good...|Rock
waylonjennings|Dreaming My Dreams With You|I hope that I won't be that wrong anymore, And maybe I've learned this time.   I hope that I find what I'm reaching for,  The way that it is in my mind.  Someday I'll get over you. I'll live to see it all through. But I'll always miss, Dreaming my dreams with you.  But I won't let it change me, Not if I can. I'd rather believe in love. And give it away as much as I can, To those that I'm fondest of.  Someday I'll get over you. I'll live to see it all through. But I'll always miss, Dreaming my dreams with you.  Someday I'll get over you. I'll live to see it all through. But I'll always miss, Dreaming my dreams with you.|Rock
waylonjennings|Bob Wills Is Still the King|Well the honky-tonks in Texas were my natural second home Where you tip your hats to the ladies and the rose of San Antone I grew up on music that we called western swing It don't matter who's in Austin,Bob Wills is still the king  Lord I can still remember,the way things were back then In spite of all the hard times,I'd live it all again To hear the Texas playboys and Tommy Duncan sing Makes me proud to be from Texas where Bob Wills is still the king  You can hear the Grand Ol' Opry in Nashville Tennessee It's the home of country music,on that we all agree But when you cross that ol' Red River hoss that just don't mean a thing Cause' once you're down in Texas,Bob Wills is still the king  Well if you ain't never been there then I guess you ain't been told That you just can't live in Texas unless you got a lot of soul It's the home of Willie Nelson,the home of western swing He'll be the first to tell you,Bob Wills is still the king|Rock
waylonjennings|All Around Cowboy|Just a broken down cowboy, all down on his luck Been through the best of his friends On a long lonesome highway in an old pick-up truck Crossed Texas like a hot dusty wind  He was all around cowboy back in '49 From the top, it's been long way down Since the whiskey and the women, started winnin' his time They rode him high and hard to the ground  He remembers the thrill of bein' a winner In the days of his first rodeo But there's somethin' about winning That didn't last forever Maybe tomorrow things'll get better If the devil lets loose of his soul He'll be, be the all around cowboy again  So, he rolls up a smoke and he sips his Old Crow Wipes the whiskers that cover his chin And he grins as he dreams of old rodeo He's the all around cowboy again  He remembers the thrill of bein' a winner In the days of his first rodeo But there's somethin' about winning That didn't last forever Maybe tomorrow things'll get better If the devil lets loose of his soul He'll be, be the all around cowboy again|Rock
waylonjennings|Ride Me Down Easy|This highway she's harder than nine kinds of hell Light there it scares as the rain When you're down to your last shop with nothing to sell And too far away from the train.  It's been a good month of Sundays and a guitar to go Had a tall drink of yesterday's wine Left a lot of good friends some sheeps in the wind And satisfied women behind.  Ride me down easy Lord, ride me on down Leave word in the dust where I lay Say I'm easy, come easy go  And easy to love when I stay.  Put snow on the mountain, raise hell on the hill Lock horns with the devil himself Then the rodeo bum, a son of a gun And a hobo with stars in his crown.  Ride me down easy Lord, ride me on down Leave word in the dust where I lay Say I'm easy, come easy go  And easy to love when I stay.  Ride me down easy Lord, ride me on down Leave word in the dust where I lay Say I'm easy, come easy go  And easy to love when I stay...|Rock
waylonjennings|Honky Tonk Heroes|Low down leaving sun, I've done did everything that needs done Woe is me, why can't i see I best be leaving well enough alone  Them neon light nights,couldn't stay out of fights Them keep a-haunting me in memories There's one in every crowd for crying out loud Why was it always turning out be me  Where does it go,the good Lord only knows It seems like it was just the other day I was down at Green Gables, hawking them tables And generally blowing all my hard earned pay Piano rolled blues,danced holes in my shoes There weren't another other way to be For loveable losers, no account boozers And honky tonk heroes like me  Where does it go,the good Lord only knows It seems like it was just the other day I was down at Green Gables, hawking them tables And generally blowing all my hard earned pay Piano rolled blues,danced holes in my shoes There weren't another other way to be For loveable losers, no account boozers And honky tonk heroes like me  Where does it go,the good Lord only knows It seems like it was just the other day I was down at Green Gables, hawking them tables And generally blowing all my hard earned pay Piano rolled blues,danced holes in my shoes There weren't another other way to be For loveable losers, no account boozers And honky tonk heroes like me|Rock
georgejones|My Shoes Keep Walking Back to You|I may say that I don't care and hold up head up in the air Even tell my friends I'm glad that you don't call But when the day is through and my heartaches start anew Well, that's when I miss you most of all.  And my arms keep reaching for you My eyes keep searching for you My lips keep calling for you And my shoes keep walking back to you.  No matter how much I pretend I wish I had you back again For nothing else means half as much as you My world just seemed to die the day you said goodbye And I can't forget no matter what I do.  And my arms keep reaching for you My eyes keep searching for you My lips keep calling for you And my shoes keep walking back to you.  And my shoes keep walking back to you...|Country
waylonjennings|Willy the Wandering Gypsy and Me|Three fingers whiskey pleasures the drinkers And moving does more than the same thing for me Willy he tells me that doers and thinkers say movin' is a closest thing to being free Willy rosins his riggins laid back his wages he's dead cert on ridin' the big rodeo My woman's tight with an overdue baby and Willy keeps yelling hey Gypsy let's go Willy you're wild as a Texas Blue Norther ready rolled from the same makins as me Well I reckon we're gonna ramble till hell freeze us over Willy the wandering Gypsy and me  Now ladies we surely will take up your favors And we'll surely worn you there never will be A single soul living that could put brand or handle On Willy the wandering Gypsy and me Well dance on the mountains shout in the canyons Swarm it ain't loose herd like a wild buffalo Jammin' our heads full of figures and angles and tellin' us stuff that we already know Willy you're wild... Yeah Willy you're wild...|Rock
waylonjennings|Low Down Freedom|Long haired young girl here beside me Fit my body, warm my mind Sleeping quiet never knowin' By tomorrow she'll be one more thing I'm gonna leave behind.  Like them big wheels I'll be rollin' Like them rivers gonna flow to sea 'Cause I'd rather leave here knowin' That I'd made the fool of love Before it made the fool of me.  Low down freedom, you done cost me Everything I'll ever lose Lord You're as empty as my pockets From the top of where you start Down to the bottom of my shoes.  Open highway, lonesome wind blows Tell me something I don't know Wrapped in woman arms around me Tell me why I'm gonna leave And I don't really wanna go.  Low down freedom, you done cost me Everything I'll ever lose Lord You're as empty as my pockets From the top of where you start Down to the bottom of my shoes.  Low down freedom, you done cost me Everything I'll ever lose Lord You're as empty as my pockets From the top of where you start Down to the bottom of my shoes...|Rock
georgejones|Your Old Standby|A shoulder to cry on is all you want from me Someone to share your heartaches when you cry Someone you can depend on, who will always be around I'm nothing more than just your old standby  If you could call me darlin', if you could call me dear If you could learn to love me by and by I wouldn't mind this waiting, for I could stand the pain I'd be more to you than just your old standby  You wouldn't call me darlin' and you wouldn't call me dear I wonder if you'll miss me when I die You have no consideration, and you show no sympathy I'm nothing more than just your old standby  If you would call me darlin', if you would call me dear If you could learn to love me by and by I wouldn't mind this waiting, for I could stand the pain I'd be something more than just your old standby...|Country
waylonjennings|Omaha|Omaha you've been weighin' heavy on my mind Guess I never really left it all I'm turnin' all those roads I walked around the other way Coming back to you Omaha.  Omaha, Nebraska was that good enough for me Always thought I was the roamin' kind With the pockets full of dreams in my worn shirt on my back I left there looking for some things to find.  Rode my thumb to San Francisco I worked down by the bank Got some schoolin' faithful by the law The hardest thing I learned there was there ain't no easy way To get ahead behind those county walls.  So it's so long California reckon I'll be a movin' on I'm leavin' even if I had to crawl I've got some losin's laying round That I left them burn waitin' there for me in Omaha.  Omaha you've been weighin' heavy on my mind Guess I never really left it all I'm turnin' all those roads I walked around the other way Coming back to you Omaha.|Rock
georgejones|Being Together|Being together as two friends This all our love has ever been Now even our friendship has gone When we're together we're all alone.  Being together to forget The ones we loved before we met But now their mem'ries linger on When we're together we're all alone.  Being together all this time With someone else on our mind For them our love grew stronger as time went by When we're together we're all alone...|Country
georgejones|Let's Build A World Together|You say that you want me Yes, I really want you Well, how much do you want me? Well, I want you as much as a child wants it's mother Oh, that's how much I want you  And you say that you need me  Yes, I really need you Well, how much do you need me? I'll tell you how much can a man need a woman? Well, that's how much I need you  Then what will you give me? What will I give you? Yes, what will you give me? A garden of love that will live on forever Oh, that's what I will give you  Then let's build a world together One world, safe, together And no matter what happens I'll love you forever And I'll give you love  And I'll give you love Yes, I'll give you all of my love.|Country
georgejones|The World Needs A Melody|The world needs a tune that it can hum Hmm, mmm, the world needs a guitar that it can strum The world needs a melody that it can sing, sing, sing, sing Let's all sing together.  In the sweet bye and bye We shall meet on that beautiful shore, mmm together The world needs a bell it can chime, chime, chime, chime, chime chime The world needs a drum to keep the time, mmm mmm  The world needs a melody it can sing, sing, sing, sing Let's all sing together.  The world needs a reason to clap it hands. The world needs a leader for it's band  The world needs a melody that it can sing, sing, sing, sing Let's all sing together Give us that old time religion, give us that old time religion. Hmm, hmm, together  In the sweet bye and bye Give us that old time religion In the sweet bye and bye Give us that old time religion.  The world needs a melody that it can sing, sing, sing, sing Together, together, together|Country
georgejones|When I Stop Dreaming|When I stop dreaming That's when I'll stop wanting you.  The worst that I've ever been hurt in my life The first time I ever have wanted to die Was the night when you told me you loved someone else And asked me if I could forget.  When I stop dreaming That's when I'll stop thinking you.  I'd be like a flower unwanted in spring Alone and neglected, transplanted in vain To a garden of sadness where it's pedals would fall In the shadow of undying pain.  When I stop dreaming That's when I'll stop loving you.  You may teach the flowers to bloom in the snow You may take a pebble and teach it to grow You may teach all the raindrops to return to the clouds But you can't teach my heart to forget.  When I stop dreaming That's when I'll stop loving you|Country
georgejones|After the Fire Is Gone|Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone.  The bottle is almost empty The clock just now struck ten Darlin' I had to call you To our favorite place again.  I know it's wrong for us to meet But the fires gone out at home  And there' nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone.  Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone.  Your lips are warm and tender Your arms hold me just right Sweet words of love you remember That the one at home forgot.  Each time we say it's the last time But we keep hangin' on  And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone.  Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone...|Country
waylonjennings|Ain't No God in Mexico|Down the road a ways I've heard said A new day's coming on Where the women folks are friendly And the law leaves you alone  I'll believe it when I see it And I haven't seen it yet Don't mind me just keep on talking I'm just looking for my hat  There ain't no God in Mexico Ain't no way to understand How that border crossing feeling Makes a fool out of a man  If I'd never felt the sunshine Hell, I would not curse the rain If my feet could fit a railroad track I guess I'd been a train  Me and Louise Higgins Botham Used to chase across the yard Back in 1947 that's when More than times were hard  Well, pity me I didn't find The line in time like a fool In front of God and everybody I politely blew my cool  Ain't no God in Mexico Ain't no comfort in the kin When you're down in Matamoros Gettin' busted by the man  If I'd never felt the sunshine Hell, I would not curse the rain If I hadn't been railroaded Well I guess I'd been a train...|Rock
georgejones|My Elusive Dreams|I followed you to Texas I followed you to Utah We didn't find it there, so we moved on I went with you to Alabam' Things looked good in Birmingham We didn't find it there, so we moved on  I know you're tired of followin' My elusive dreams and schemes For they're only fleeting things My elusive dreams  You had my child in Memphis Then I heard of work in Nashville We didn't find it there, so we moved on To a small farm in Nebraska To a gold mine in Alaska We didn't find it there, so we moved on  And now we've left Alaska Because there was no gold mine But this time, only two of us moved on And now all we have is each other And a little memory to cling to And still I won't let you go on alone  I know you're tired of followin' My elusive dreams and schemes For they're only a fleeting thing My elusive dreams  For they're only a fleeting thing, my elusive dreams...|Country
georgejones|Touching Shoulders|Did you know I grew stronger and better because I had merely touched shoulders with you  There's a comforting thought at the close of the day When I'm weary and lonely and sad The feeling takes off our these lonely old hearts And it tells me be happy and glad  It gets in my soul and it drives out the blues And finally gets through me through and through It's an old familiar mem'ry that tells me again I'm so glad I touched shoulders with you  Did you know you were brave did you know you were strong Did you know I'm leaning on you Did you know I grew stronger and better because I had merely touched shoulders with you And I'm still touching shoulders with you|Country
georgejones|Love Is All We Need|Well just across the street from our little three rooms shack There's a mansion that reaches the sky With at least a dozen rooms and a great big swimming pool Two sport cars and three long Cadillacs  And the only thing I own is a broken down old Ford Half the time it won't even start But you're won't hear us fightin' at four in the morning Calling names to break each other's hearts  So they can have it we don't need it Let them keep it and call it their own Livin' that kind of life is not for you and me We got love and love is all we need  I've never tired of wearin' that same old shaggy dress One I bought down at the dollar store Well if I watch ev'ry dime I spend and I save ev'ry stamp I can Just get the things I know we can afford  And ev'ry afternoon I sit upon the porch Watch them as they pass through those gates I may wonder what it's like to be a fancy lady But I always have a smile in my face  So they can have it we don't need it... We got love and love is all we need|Country
waylonjennings|Black Rose|Way down in Virginia Amongst the tall grown sugar canes Lived a simple man and a dominique hen And a rose of a different name.  Well, the first time I fell lightly I was standing in the drizzling rain With a trembling hand and a bottle of gin And a rose of a different name.  Well, the devil made me do it the first time The second time I done it on my own Lord, put a handle on a simple handed man And help me leave that black rose alone.  When the devil made that woman Lord, she threw the pattern away She was built for speed with the tools You need to make a new fool every day.  Way down deep and dirty On the darker side of shame I caught a cane cuttin' man with a bottle of gin With a rose of a different name.  The devil made me do it the first time The second time I done it on my own Lord, put a handle on a simple handed man And help me leave that black rose alone.  The devil made me do it the first time The second time I done it on my own Lord, put a handle on a simple handed man And help me leave that black rose alone...|Rock
waylonjennings|We Had It All|I can hear the wind a-blowing in my mind Just the way it used to sound through the Georgia pines And you were there to answer when I called You and me we had it all.  Remember how I used to touch your hair While reaching for the feeling that was always there You were the best thing in my life I can recall You and me we had it all.  I know that we can never live those times again So I let my dreams take me back to where we have been Then I'll stay with you girl as long as I can Oh, it was so good, oh, it was so good  Oh, it was so good when I was your man.  I'll never stop believing in your smile Even though you didn't stay it was all worth while You were the best thing in my life I can recall You and me we had it all.  You and me we had it all...|Rock
georgejones|Help the People|Won't somebody help the people who ain't lovin' Help them find an old love like we do Heaven help the people who ain't lovin' They're not livin' if they're not lovin' like me and you.  I go to bed each night lookin' forward to another lovely day with you Knowing that an aging love like ours is staying true And I'm proud to know that you're the only woman that I need and understand And tomorrow we'll be lovin' hand in hand.  Won't somebody help the people who ain't lovin' Help them find an old love like we do Heaven help the people who ain't lovin' They're not livin' if they're not lovin' like me and you.  I know that I've been blessed with good thing as much as anyone could be And our love multiplies itself with each passing day we see And that only adds to the happiness we look forward each today And nothing in this world can make it go away.  Won't somebody help the people who ain't lovin' Help them find an old love like we do Heaven help the people who ain't lovin' They're not livin' if they're not lovin' like me and you.  They're not livin' life if they're not lovin' like me and you|Country
waylonjennings|Slow Rollin' Low|I got a slow rollin' low Ain't a mother would want me Done got me so down bent out of round Don't know my head from my toes.  Ain't a hand here to hold Ain't a shoulder to cry on Ain't a lesson to learn or a corner to turn Twixt the dyin' and me.  Lord, I wanted to be Something you could depend on Lawdy, Lawd, woe is me Ain't a body would care.  I got a slow rollin' low Forgot the words to my song Ain't that just like a fool to want a ride On them trains when the train is all gone.|Rock
georgejones|If I Were|If I were your friend then I wouldn't be very blue Cause sometimes you would have me around you If I were a smile I could feel your lips so warm If I were your love then would I be in your arms If I were a prayer you say before you go sleep tight Then I know I'd be in your mind tonight If I were a song the words you sing would tell of me If I were your love then I wouldn't be lonely Wishful thinking in a world of fantasy yes someone you just forgot And you only might as well believe for I can be something that I'm not If I were your picture your love for me would always last If I were your love then I wouldn't be just your past If I were your love then I wouldn't be just your past No if I were your love then I wouldn't be just your past|Country
georgejones|I'm a People|There I was on the marquee, a-workin' for a livin', I've been gettin' instead of a-givin'. A-hangin' by my tail, a-waitin' for the dinner bell, Puttin' humans off.  Every day, them fools rush in, And lay down my cage and watch them grin I put 'em all off, I'd hum a little song, An' watch 'em all go tee-hee.  But I spell a P, a little bitty E. Sweet bop, bop, bop, sh-shoo, shoobie doobie doh, In a little round O. Now you add another P, a big skinny L, There's a-one more E, An' you got a people that looks like me.  Now a monkey don't have to go down town, An' ask for a job an' gettin' turned down. I'm mad at me, I could smash me, 'Cause I am a people.  Now, a monkey don't have to shoot an' speak, All he do is drink his fees. Oh, me, what luxury. But I'm a people.  Now I spell a P, a little bitty E. Sweet bop, bop, bop, a-shoo, shoobie doobie doh, In a little round O. Now you add another P, a big skinny L, There's a-one more E, An' you got a creature that looks like me.  Now if anyone knocked on my door today, There'd be a little sign says: "Gone away. "Down to the zoo, diggin' you know who, 'Cause I'm a people.  Now I spell a P, a little bitty E. Sweet bop, bop, bop, sh-shoo, shoobie doobie doh, In a little round O. Now you add another P, a big skinny L, There's a-one more E, An' you got a creature that looks like me...|Country
georgejones|That's All It Took|That's all it took the mention of your name And all my love for you burst into flame I've tried so hard to let you go by look How I still tremble at your name that's all it took That's all it took to make me know that I still care It seems my heart just can't give up the dreams we used to share I tell my friends I'm happy but they read me like a book And when today I heard them say your name that's all it took That's all it took to make me yearn to your embrace I guess I might as well admit no one can take your place I tell my friends I'm happy but they read me like a book For when today I heard them say your name that's all it took For when today I heard them say your name that's all it took|Country
georgejones|Simply Divine|When your arms hold me I thrill through and through When your arms hold me I thrill the same too No other can take it from these arms of mine Oh, this feeling you give me is simply divine.  We're meant for each other, we both know it's true And everyone round us say the same too Just one kiss from your lips tells me you're mine Oh, this feeling you give me is simply divine.  Just being near you means so much to me If ever I'd lost you how lonesome I'd be I'll love you forever till the end of the time Oh this feeling you give me is simply divine.  We're meant for each other, we both know it's true And everyone round us say the same too Just one kiss from your lips tells me you're mine Oh, this feeling you give me is simply divine...|Country
georgejones|My Shoes Keep Walking Back to You|I may say that I don't care and hold up head up in the air Even tell my friends I'm glad that you don't call But when the day is through and my heartaches start anew Well, that's when I miss you most of all.  And my arms keep reaching for you My eyes keep searching for you My lips keep calling for you And my shoes keep walking back to you.  No matter how much I pretend I wish I had you back again For nothing else means half as much as you My world just seemed to die the day you said goodbye And I can't forget no matter what I do.  And my arms keep reaching for you My eyes keep searching for you My lips keep calling for you And my shoes keep walking back to you.  And my shoes keep walking back to you...|Country
georgejones|Your Old Standby|A shoulder to cry on is all you want from me Someone to share your heartaches when you cry Someone you can depend on, who will always be around I'm nothing more than just your old standby  If you could call me darlin', if you could call me dear If you could learn to love me by and by I wouldn't mind this waiting, for I could stand the pain I'd be more to you than just your old standby  You wouldn't call me darlin' and you wouldn't call me dear I wonder if you'll miss me when I die You have no consideration, and you show no sympathy I'm nothing more than just your old standby  If you would call me darlin', if you would call me dear If you could learn to love me by and by I wouldn't mind this waiting, for I could stand the pain I'd be something more than just your old standby...|Country
georgejones|Being Together|Being together as two friends This all our love has ever been Now even our friendship has gone When we're together we're all alone.  Being together to forget The ones we loved before we met But now their mem'ries linger on When we're together we're all alone.  Being together all this time With someone else on our mind For them our love grew stronger as time went by When we're together we're all alone...|Country
georgejones|Let's Build A World Together|You say that you want me Yes, I really want you Well, how much do you want me? Well, I want you as much as a child wants it's mother Oh, that's how much I want you  And you say that you need me  Yes, I really need you Well, how much do you need me? I'll tell you how much can a man need a woman? Well, that's how much I need you  Then what will you give me? What will I give you? Yes, what will you give me? A garden of love that will live on forever Oh, that's what I will give you  Then let's build a world together One world, safe, together And no matter what happens I'll love you forever And I'll give you love  And I'll give you love Yes, I'll give you all of my love.|Country
georgejones|The World Needs A Melody|The world needs a tune that it can hum Hmm, mmm, the world needs a guitar that it can strum The world needs a melody that it can sing, sing, sing, sing Let's all sing together.  In the sweet bye and bye We shall meet on that beautiful shore, mmm together The world needs a bell it can chime, chime, chime, chime, chime chime The world needs a drum to keep the time, mmm mmm  The world needs a melody it can sing, sing, sing, sing Let's all sing together.  The world needs a reason to clap it hands. The world needs a leader for it's band  The world needs a melody that it can sing, sing, sing, sing Let's all sing together Give us that old time religion, give us that old time religion. Hmm, hmm, together  In the sweet bye and bye Give us that old time religion In the sweet bye and bye Give us that old time religion.  The world needs a melody that it can sing, sing, sing, sing Together, together, together|Country
georgejones|When I Stop Dreaming|When I stop dreaming That's when I'll stop wanting you.  The worst that I've ever been hurt in my life The first time I ever have wanted to die Was the night when you told me you loved someone else And asked me if I could forget.  When I stop dreaming That's when I'll stop thinking you.  I'd be like a flower unwanted in spring Alone and neglected, transplanted in vain To a garden of sadness where it's pedals would fall In the shadow of undying pain.  When I stop dreaming That's when I'll stop loving you.  You may teach the flowers to bloom in the snow You may take a pebble and teach it to grow You may teach all the raindrops to return to the clouds But you can't teach my heart to forget.  When I stop dreaming That's when I'll stop loving you|Country
georgejones|After the Fire Is Gone|Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone.  The bottle is almost empty The clock just now struck ten Darlin' I had to call you To our favorite place again.  I know it's wrong for us to meet But the fires gone out at home  And there' nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone.  Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone.  Your lips are warm and tender Your arms hold me just right Sweet words of love you remember That the one at home forgot.  Each time we say it's the last time But we keep hangin' on  And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone.  Love is where you find it When you find no love at home And there's nothin' cold as ashes After the fire is gone...|Country
georgejones|My Elusive Dreams|I followed you to Texas I followed you to Utah We didn't find it there, so we moved on I went with you to Alabam' Things looked good in Birmingham We didn't find it there, so we moved on  I know you're tired of followin' My elusive dreams and schemes For they're only fleeting things My elusive dreams  You had my child in Memphis Then I heard of work in Nashville We didn't find it there, so we moved on To a small farm in Nebraska To a gold mine in Alaska We didn't find it there, so we moved on  And now we've left Alaska Because there was no gold mine But this time, only two of us moved on And now all we have is each other And a little memory to cling to And still I won't let you go on alone  I know you're tired of followin' My elusive dreams and schemes For they're only a fleeting thing My elusive dreams  For they're only a fleeting thing, my elusive dreams...|Country
georgejones|Touching Shoulders|Did you know I grew stronger and better because I had merely touched shoulders with you  There's a comforting thought at the close of the day When I'm weary and lonely and sad The feeling takes off our these lonely old hearts And it tells me be happy and glad  It gets in my soul and it drives out the blues And finally gets through me through and through It's an old familiar mem'ry that tells me again I'm so glad I touched shoulders with you  Did you know you were brave did you know you were strong Did you know I'm leaning on you Did you know I grew stronger and better because I had merely touched shoulders with you And I'm still touching shoulders with you|Country
georgejones|Love Is All We Need|Well just across the street from our little three rooms shack There's a mansion that reaches the sky With at least a dozen rooms and a great big swimming pool Two sport cars and three long Cadillacs  And the only thing I own is a broken down old Ford Half the time it won't even start But you're won't hear us fightin' at four in the morning Calling names to break each other's hearts  So they can have it we don't need it Let them keep it and call it their own Livin' that kind of life is not for you and me We got love and love is all we need  I've never tired of wearin' that same old shaggy dress One I bought down at the dollar store Well if I watch ev'ry dime I spend and I save ev'ry stamp I can Just get the things I know we can afford  And ev'ry afternoon I sit upon the porch Watch them as they pass through those gates I may wonder what it's like to be a fancy lady But I always have a smile in my face  So they can have it we don't need it... We got love and love is all we need|Country
georgejones|Help the People|Won't somebody help the people who ain't lovin' Help them find an old love like we do Heaven help the people who ain't lovin' They're not livin' if they're not lovin' like me and you.  I go to bed each night lookin' forward to another lovely day with you Knowing that an aging love like ours is staying true And I'm proud to know that you're the only woman that I need and understand And tomorrow we'll be lovin' hand in hand.  Won't somebody help the people who ain't lovin' Help them find an old love like we do Heaven help the people who ain't lovin' They're not livin' if they're not lovin' like me and you.  I know that I've been blessed with good thing as much as anyone could be And our love multiplies itself with each passing day we see And that only adds to the happiness we look forward each today And nothing in this world can make it go away.  Won't somebody help the people who ain't lovin' Help them find an old love like we do Heaven help the people who ain't lovin' They're not livin' if they're not lovin' like me and you.  They're not livin' life if they're not lovin' like me and you|Country
georgejones|This Growing Old Together Love We Share|The only time this wedding vand will ever lead my hand Is when I washed the dishes for the meal I cooked for you And the sun won't go to rest until I've known the best From two lovin' arms they are so true  When you waked me in the night and you wanna hold me tight You can't on when you count on me bein' there Side by side me and you we'll make our dreams come true With this growing old together love we share  And when you touched me with your hand you're looking at a happy man Looking stand flat on the ground and reach the sky You don't have to say a word cause I have plainly heard The good things that you're sayin' with your eyes  You're my woman when I love you you're my baby when I pet you You're my walls when I wanna sit in chair For --- and he made you for me And this growing old together love we share  This growing old together love we share Will stand the taste the time because we care There won't ever be another to take us from each other And this growing old together love we share This growing old together love we share|Country
georgejones|Poor Little Rich Boy|(Poor little rich boy, poor little rich boy) Poor little rich boy ain't got nothin' but lots and lots of money Poor little rich boy don't take nothin' but some sad poor boys honey Got to run all day with his fancy clothes and a big long limosine Poor little rich boy ain't got nothin' but everything (Poor little rich boy, poor little rich boy) Now theres an old saying I used to hear keeps a-running through my mind How a baby boy born with a silver spoon was in for a mighty bad time Pity the rich kid I've always heard, I can't for the life of me While he's a-wading in a pool of riches I'm sinking in poverty (Poor little rich boy, poor little rich boy) Poor little rich boy ain't got nothin' but lots and lots of money Poor little rich boy don't take nothin' but some sad poor boys honey Got to run all day with his fancy clothes and a big long limosine Poor little rich boy ain't got nothin' but everything (Poor little rich boy, poor little rich boy) I work and sweat and played all day but what good did it do <i>[?]</i> that I wasn't thinking of you Cause a poor boys chances are mighty slim cause when I got into town I walked by your house and saw your porch light burnin' and I knew who'd been around (Poor little rich boy, poor little rich boy.) Poor little rich boy ain't got nothin' but lots and lots of money Poor little rich boy don't take nothin' but some sad poor boys honey Got to run all day with his fancy clothes and a big long limosine Poor little rich boy ain't got nothin' but everything (Poor little rich boy, poor little rich boy.) (Poor little rich boy, poor little rich boy.) (Poor little rich boy, poor little rich boy...)|Country
georgejones|Book of Memories|You've stolen my world from under me By cheating and deceiving me And now you've gone and set me free It's in my book of memories.  Inside the book of pages black With photographs that take me back I hide the dreams that used to be Here in my book of memories.  The photograph that shows a bride And a man with joy he could not hide And one of a boy on his daddy's knee It's in my book of memories.  Inside the book of pages black With photographs that take me back I hide the dreams that used to be Here in my book of memories.  The photograph that shows a bride And a man with joy he could not hide And one of a boy on his daddy's knee It's in my book of memories...|Country
georgejones|I Heard You Crying in Your Sleep|I know you tried your best to love me, You smiled when your heart told you to weep; You tried to pretend that you were happy, Last night I heard you crying in your sleep.  You gave the best years of your life, Dear, And each precious vow you tried to keep; I love you so much I want you happy, Last night I heard you crying in your sleep.  Your heart is yearning for an old love, With new love it's useless to compete; It hurts me to know you are unhappy, 'Cause, last night I heard you crying in your sleep.  You know that you are free to go, Dear, And don't mind if I start to weep; I know I can never make you happy, 'Cause last night I heard you crying in your sleep...|Country
georgejones|Peace in the Valley|Oh well, I'm tired and so weary But I must go alone Till the lord comes and calls, calls me away, oh yes, Well the morning's so bright And the lamp is alight And the night, is as bright as the day, oh yes.  There will be peace in the valley for me, some day There will be peace in the valley for me, oh Lord I pray There'll be no sadness, no sorrow No trouble, trouble I see There will be peace, peace in the valley for me, someday.  Well, that old bear is goin' to be gentle And the wolf will be tame And that old lion is gonna lay down by the little lamb, (oh yes) And the beasts from the wild Ohh it's gonna be led by a child  I'll be changed, changed from this creature that I am,  (Oh yes.)  There will be peace in the valley for me, some day There will be peace in the valley for me, oh Lord I pray There'll be no sadness, no sorrow No trouble, trouble I see There will be peace, in that old valley for me, someday There will be peace, in that old valley for me...|Country
georgejones|Best Guitar Picker|I didn't think too much about books and schoolin' 'Cause there was more important things to do I'd just sit out in the yard and pick my old guitar Tryin' to do what the big hillbillies do  I would sit there by the hour pickin' wildwood flower Wore my little fingers to the bone Well, I said I would never rest 'til I am the very best The best guitar picker in this whole county  I said someday I know, I'll win my fame One day all the world will know my name I worked so very hard with that old guitar Tryin' to do what the big hillbillies do  I would sit there all alone tryin' to pick out, old sweet home While everyone was in the yard Well, I said I would never stop 'til I've reached the very top The best guitar picker in the whole county  The years have passed I haven't changed my mind 'Cause I still pick the guitar all the time Because I know someday I'm bound to learn to play All the things the big hillbillies do  I just sit her in my shop pickin', foggy mountain top Tellin' everybody ain't that great 'Cause before I go to rest I'm gonna be the very best The best guitar picker in this whole county  I would sit there by the hour pickin' wildwood flower Wore my little fingers to the bone But I said I would never rest til' I am the very best The best guitar picker in this whole county|Country
georgejones|Something I Dreamed|Forgive me if I'm pessimistic today But I seem to feel our love slipping away I have no special reason for feeling this way It must have been something I dreamed  Darling hold me close and chase away the ghost that tortures me so Kiss away my doubt until my poor heart shouts that you'll never go  This feeling's not your fault, you're sweet as can be I have faith in you, I just lack faith in me I'm afraid that I'll lose you, then where would I be? Oh let it be something I dreamed  Your words lack conviction or do you suppose That I love you too much and I listen too close? I know I get jealous and sometimes it shows It must have been something I dreamed  Darling hold me close and chase away the ghost that tortures me so Kiss away my doubt until my poor heart shouts that you'll never go  This feeling's not your fault, you're sweet as can be I have faith in you, I just lack faith in me I'm afraid that I'll lose you, then where would I be? Oh let it be something I dreamed|Country
georgejones|There's No Justice|Oh, I told you if you walked out on me we were through And you told me that it couldn't matter less to you You turned me down for someone who wouldn't turn a hand for you There no justice in this world anymore.  There no justice in this world anymore Sometimes I ask myself what am I livin' for If wrong can triumph over right If we are licked before a fight There no justice in this world anymore.  Oh, you turn me down because you knew I loved you so And you tried to see exactly how far you could go Well, I thought that you would change your mind But there's no hope for now I find There no justice in this world anymore.  There no justice in this world anymore Sometimes I ask myself what am I livin' for If wrong can triumph over right If we are licked before the fight There no justice in this world anymore|Country
georgejones|Real Close Friend|(I think you know a real close friend of mine) The girl that you described sounds so familiar The one you say you've loved for quite some time Are you sure there's no mistake for I have a feeling That your real love's a real close friend of mine Well I am glad we've had this little talk together For at last I began to see the light I've been spending many lonely nights here lately All because of that real close friend of mine (I think you know a real close friend of mine) Well I'll bet she says each day her love grows stronger And if you left she'd surely lose her mind And if she ever makes you feel unwanted Then I think you know a real close friend of mine Yes I am glad we've had this little talk together... All because of a real close friend of mine|Country
georgejones|Flame in My Heart|You cheated on me (you cheated me) I tried to be fair (I tried to be fair) But you don't believe enduring your share But I've learned my lesson (I've learned my lesson) And now I can say (now I can say) The flame in my heart is dying away is dying away Your kisses don't thrill me like they used to do Your arms only chill me I'm glad that we're through My heart was once yearning (my heart was once yearning) But now I can say (now I can say) The flame in my heart is dying away is dying away You fool me a while (you fool me a while) You thought you were wise (you thought you were wise) You even believed I fell for your life But the trick's turned on you (the trick's turned on you) Now gladly I say (now gladly I say) The flame in my heart is dying away is dying away Your kisses don't thrill me...|Country
georgejones|Warm Red Wine|Put a nickel in the jukebox and let it play for my heart is cold with pain Take the cork from the bottle of the warm red wine and fill my glass up again Fill my glass to the brim till it flows o'er the rim Like the tears flow in this heart of mine Then I'll say so long to the dreams that are gone on account of the warm red wine  Oh the prison of stone with its cold iron bars is no more than a prison than mine I'm a prisoner of drink who will never escape from the chains of the warm red wine Oh the wine is red so warm and red like the ruby its sparkles and glows But I fade for the wine yeah that warm red wine With all of my hopes and my dreams|Country
georgejones|We Can Make It|We can make it  The world is rough but we can make it 'Cause you're my shelter from the storm now I don't need wine to keep me warm now  No temptation can ever shake our loves foundation We're strong enough to take it We can make it  Now we'll say goodbye to stormy weather Safe within each others arms We can spend our lives together  Love has found us and now it's chain Is wrapped all around us and no one can break it We can make it  Love has found us and now it's chain Is wrapped all around us and no one can break it We can make it  We can make it|Country
georgejones|I'll Take You to My World|If you can find it in your heart to just forgive Then I'll come back and live the way you wanted me to live All I want is you to be my girl Let me come and get you and take me to my world.  I'll take you to my world away from bar rooms filled with smoke Where you won't have to sell a drink or here another dirty joke All I want is you to be my girl So please come with me let me take you to my world.  I'll take you to my world make you forget the things you've heard Where people say I love you and love is not a dirty word All I want is you to be my girl So please, come with me and I'll take you to my world.  All I want is you to be my girl So please, come with me, I'll take you to my world|Country
georgejones|All the Praises|It's so good to hear the word congratulations It's so good to know at last, respect is mine But as I stand here in the midst of all the conflict There's a lovely face that's smiling, on my mind All the praises should be given to my woman She's the one who helped me up when I was down, all the way All the praises should be given to my woman She's the one who made me what I am today  All the praises should be given to my woman She's the one who helped me up when I was down. all the way All the praises should be given to my woman She's the one who made me what I am today She's the one who made me what I am today...|Country
georgejones|She's All I Got|Well, I said, friend don't take her, she's all I got Please don't take her love away from me I'm begging you friend, don't take her, she's all I got She's everything in life I'll ever need  She is life when I want to live She's everything to me in life that life can give She's my water when I need a drink She's the first thought in my mind each time I try to think  Well, I said, friend don't take her, she's all I got Please don't take her love away from me I'm begging you friend, don't take her, she's all I got She's everything in life I'll ever need  She's my fingers when I want to feel She's the only thing in life to me that's really real She is love she's all the love I know She could kiss the ground in the winter time and make a flower grow  Well, I said, friend don't take her, she's all I got Please don't take her love away from me I'm begging you friend, don't take her, she's all I got She's everything in life I'll ever need  Let me tell you now friend don't take her, she's all I got Well, I said friend don't take her she's all I got I'm begging you friend don't take her she's all I got|Country
georgejones|Loving You Could Never Be Better|Well here we are, again, tonight alone just us two Where lights are dim and true love is comin' through There's no one else in this whole world as far as we're concerned We've built us a fire so let it burn  When you look at me like you do right now I go to pieces 'Cause I know what's on your mind it's just me You've got that love-me-look in your eyes like you've had so many times and how Loving you could never be better than it is right now  Tomorrow night we'll meet again and once more fan the flame 'Cause loving you the way I do stays the same This love of ours is just as strong as any vow could be And love could never be better for you and me  When you look at me like you do right now I go to pieces Because I know what's on your mind it's just me You've got that love-me-look in your eyes like you've had so many times and how Loving you could never be better than it is right now Loving you could never be better than it is right now|Country
georgejones|Try It, You'll Like It|If you have reached a point in life where nothing turns out right If you always feel alone somewhere out in the night Go and find someone to love and you will see a change You will forget your troubles every time she calls your name.  Try it, you'll like it, love is all you need Try it, you'll like it, and you'll see what I mean Put you hand in loves hand it will see you through Try it, you'll like it, love is good for you.  Romeo and Juliet proved that love is real Valentino showed the woman just how love would feel Yes he captured all the girls everywhere he went They kept running back for more 'cause they knew what it meant.  Try it, you'll like it, love is all you need Try it, you'll like it, and you'll see what I mean Put you hand in loves hand it will see you through Try it, you'll like it, love is good for you.  Try it, you'll like it, love is good for you Try it, you'll like it, and you'll feel like I do Put you hand in loves hand it will see you through Try it, you'll like it, love is good for you.  Yes, try it, you'll like it, love is good for you|Country
georgejones|One of These Days|I woke up this morning aching with pain Don't think I can work, but I'll try The car's in the shop so I thumbed all the way Oh these days I barely get by  I walked home from work and it rained all the way My wife left and didn't say why She laid all her bills on the desk in the hall Oh these days I barely get by  Put my only two dollars on my favorite horse He lost by a nose and I cried Oh, my boss says come winter we'll all be laid off Oh these days I barely get by  These days I barely get by I want to give up, lay down and die Worst of all is when she told me goodbye Oh these days I barely get by  Oh these days, one barely gets by|Country
georgejones|Let's Make History|Well, Eve deceived old Adam Delilah lied to Samson And Jezabele she played it well So Ahab paid the ranson You're standing there a-smilin' Yeah, as lovely as can be So, come over here and help me baby Let's make history.  No, don't hand me that one red apple 'Cause I'm a-gonna shake the tree And you don't have to cut my hair To let me know I'm weak So get your arms around me I'm as happy as I can be Come over here and help me baby Let's make history.  Well, a hundred years from now They'll tell of how you done me But it won't matter then I won't need their sympathy You're love is gonna be worth it With all of my misery So come over here and help me baby Let's make history.  No, don't hand me that one red apple 'Cause I'm a-gonna shake the tree And you don't have to cut my hair To let me know I'm weak So get your arms around me I'm as happy as I can be Come over here and help me baby Let's make history.  Come over here and help me baby Let's make history...|Country
georgejones|Three's a Crowd|I've been looking through the window of the past And I've seen the reasons why our love can't last You've been seeing him and this I won't allow Don't you know that two's a marriage three's a crowd You're still keeping little things he gave to you There are pictures and some letters tied in blue And that night I've heard you called his name aloud It's not right for two's a marriage three's a crowd If you love him you don't need my company Either close the door to him or set me free You're the reason I'm alone with my head bowed Don't you know that two's a marriage three's a crowd One is lonely two's a marriage three's a crowd|Country
georgejones|Root Beer|Well, I sent my pretty baby to the neighborhood store My head was vibrating from the night before I said: "You'd better hurry", as she went out the gate My system needs a helper and I don't mean a steak She had a cold six pack when she got back, but it was...Ahhohhh...hic-up...Root Beer  Well, now you can just imagine I was shocked to death For nearly twenty minutes, couldn't get my breath My mind began to wonder; Would I ever get well? If I leave it to my baby, well, you can't never tell 'cause everything went numb when I saw what she'd brung it was...Ahhohhh...hic-up...Root Beer  Home Brew, Lightning, Bay alcohol, even good ol' Mountain Dew Moonshine, Grapevine, any ol' kind would do  Well, now you could be my doctor, or my little nurse, but get me something quick before I die, or get worse I only need a toddy; just a little drink Yeah, that should be enough to put me back in the pink, but everything went black when I looked in the sack, it was...Ahhohhh...hic-up...Root Beer  Well, I began to thinking: "I'd be better off dead",  but then I just remembered 'bout my ol' Uncle Ned He's got a little business squeezing juice out of corn and I began to praise the day my Uncle was born 'cause you can't get any kicks when you're in this fix; out of...Ahhohhh...hic-up...Root Beer  Home Brew, Lightning, Bay alcohol, even good ol' Mountain Dew Moonshine, Grapevine, any ol' kind would do  Well, now you could be my doctor, or my little nurse, but get me something quick before I die, or get worse I only need a toddy; just a little drink Yeah, that should be enough to put me back in the pink, but everything went black when I looked in the sack, it was...Ahhohhh...hic-up...Root Beer|Country
georgejones|What Am I Worth|I know momma loved me I reckoned that dad Thought I was a pretty good kid I've been blamed but I'm not ashed Of a couple of things I did  I learned the golden rule Before I started to school Like ever'y little young'n should do But what am I worth on God's great earth If I'm not worth nothing to you  What am I worth here on earth Darling, If I can't have you I just can't find no peace of mind With anything that I do  I don't know why you made me cry Honey, won't you give me a clue  What am I worth on God's great earth If I'm not worth nothing to you  I might get sent to be president Yes, I'm sure I could do it for you They would feature my face all over the place  For all the good thing I do  I might get my name in the hall of fame Or even in the book of who's who But what am I worth on God's great earth If I'm mot worth anything to you  What am I worth here on earth Darling, If I can't have you I just can't find no peace of mind With anything that I do  I don't know why you made me cry Honey, won't you give me a clue What am I worth on God's great earth If I'm not worth nothing to you...|Country
georgejones|She Once Lived Here|The mayor gave me the keys to the city the welcome wagons already appear but again I'll be packing and leaving for it's plain now that she once lived here it may be that I'll never forget her cause she's love and love lives everywhere could it be that I'll always be saying I've got to go for she once lived here I see her face in the cool of the evening I hear her voice in each breeze loud and clear  oh there must be a town without memories but not this one for she once lived here I've got to go now for she once lived here|Country
georgejones|Imitation of Love|They're making cheap imitations of everything From rubber tires to leather gloves But the cheapest imitation that I've ever seen Was your imitation of love.  Imitation of love, there's no heart in it You were only foolin', you never meant it Imitation of love, I'm tired of livin' You were only givin' an imitation of love.  Why, when I first met you, you were so sweet I thought you must have come from above So I feel for you but when you made your play It was an imitation of love.  Imitation of love, there's no heart in it You were only foolin', you never meant it Imitation of love, I'm tired of livin' You were only givin' an imitation of love.  From the very first time that I was kissing you lips Till the last time I was in your arms You were copying love and making believe The you were faking with all of your charms.  Imitation of love, there's no heart in it You were only fooling, you never meant it Imitation of love, I'm tired of living You were only givin' an imitation of love...|Country
georgejones|Open Pit Mine|From Morenci, Arizona where the copper mines glow I could see Clifton in the canyon below In Clifton lived Rosie; we danced and we dined On the money I made in the open pit mine I loved my sweet Rosie and she loved me too There was nothing for Rosie that I wouldn't do Her hugs and her kisses, they were something divine Gave me reason for working the open pit mine  While I was out walking with my Rosie one day We passed a store window with rings on display I bought the one she wanted; how they really did shine! Spent the money I saved from that open pit mine Her love would bring heartbreak that I would soon learn Cause she would two-time me when my back was turned Rosie would go dancing and drink the red wine While I worked like a slave in that open pit mine  One night I caught Rosie on her rendezvous She was huggin' and kissin' with somebody new It was there that I shot her while their arms where entwined! Then I buried her deep in that open pit mine I took a look at my future and what did I see? There was nothing but trouble a-waiting for me But on the sun's next risin', I'll be satisfied Cause they'll find me there sleeping by my sweet Rosie's side|Country
georgejones|She Thinks I Still Care|(She thinks I still care)  Just because I ask a friend about her Just because I spoke her name somewhere Just because I rang her number by mistake today She thinks I still care  Just because I haunt the same old places Where the memory of her lingers everywhere Just because I'm not the happy guy I used to be She thinks I still care  But if she's happy thinking I still need her Then let that silly notion bring her cheer Oh, how could she ever be so foolish? Oh, where would she get such an idea?  Just because I ask a friend about her Just because I spoke her name somewhere Just because I saw her, then went all to pieces She thinks I still care  She thinks I still care...|Country
georgejones|Running Bear|On the bank of the river stood Running Bear, young Indian brave On the other side of the river stood his lovely Indian maid Little White Dove was her name, such a lovely sight to see But their tribes fought with each other, so their love could never be.  Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love big as the sky Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love that couldn't die.  He couldn't swim the raging river 'cause the river was too wide He couldn't reach the Little White Dove waiting there on the other side In the moonlight he could see her throwing kisses 'cross the waves Her little heart was beating faster waiting for her Indian brave.  Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love big as the sky Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love that couldn't die.  Running Bear dove in the water, Little White Dove did the same And they swam out to each other through the swirling stream they came As their hands touched and their lips met, the raging river pulled them down Now they'll always be together in their happy hunting ground.  Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love big as the sky Running Bear loved Little White Dove With a love that couldn't die...|Country
georgejones|Sometimes You Just Can't Win|Just when the sunshines the brightest And the world looks alright, again Then the clouds fill the sky's You can't believe your eyes Sometimes you just cant win.  My love never meant much to you dear Or yo you I was always a friend Oh, why did I call,  You have no heart at all Sometimes you just cant win.  I can't live like this any longer Not knowing just where I stand I know I should't care  But sweetheart it don't seem fair Sometimes you just cant win  And then when the sunshines the brightest And the world looks alright, again The clouds fill the sky's  You can't believe your eyes Sometimes you just can't win...|Country
georgejones|I Just Lost My Favorite Girl|In a bar room I'm standin' with a drink in my hand Trying to hide from the world Drink dulls my memory and so here I stand I just lost my favorite girl.  I'll stay till I'm no longer able to stand And drink till my head's in a whirl I'm living the life of an ungodly man I just lost my favorite girl.  Last call I heard the bartender say Now I must go out in the world With no place to go to here I can't stay I just lost my favorite girl.|Country
georgejones|What's Bad for You Is Good for Me|I had a talk with one of your old friends in town today And she told me that your new love went astray Now isn't that just the way I said it would be Come on back home what's bad for you is good for me.  It's good for me to have this chance to win your love again It's bad for you to lose his love but this is not the end Still lets pretend to move along that used to be Come on back home what's bad for you is good for me.  I knew if I'd wait long enough someday he'd set you free He'd find someone to take your place like he took you from me And now you know just how it feels in misery Come on back home what's bad for you is good for me|Country
georgejones|How Proud I Would Have Been|How proud I would have been to share your life of sin But you saw someone new, I wouldn't do for you. I wouldn't mind at all to let my morales fall I'd like to try again, how proud I would have been.  Don't think that I'm above selling my soul for love And if that's what it cost then take the price and go Without your love I'll be a whole lot less than me I'd like to try again, how proud I would have been.  A sinners just an angel that slipped and fell For one like you I'd play a sinners part so well I'd stoop to any length to gain your love it seems I'd like to try again, how proud I would have been.|Country
georgejones|Flowers for Mama|Papa brought flowers for mama today And all the grown children, but it's not mother's day I don't have no money, not even a dime But I brought mama flowers like I have all the time. Everyday I pick flowers from this pretty hill A small box of Daisies and a few Daffodils   I bring them to mama at the end of the day And say flowers for mama, here's mama's bouquet. They brighten her face and she holds me close She'd say they are more precious than a beautiful rose And she wore a smile sweeter than millions of flowers A smile that I'll carry through life's darkest hours. <i>[Spoken:]</i> Now mama was lying there, yes, they tell me she passed away And she was surrounded by flowers that out-shined my bouquet I know mine aren't fancy but still all the while They were placed in her hand and I know I saw mama smile. <i>[Sang:]</i> Flowers for mama I picked them today Not very much, just a simple bouquet Mom wasn't so fancy but up there above She's the prettiest flower in God's garden of love.|Country
georgejones|Gonna Take Me Away from You|For so long I have waited while your heart hesitated Now there's only one thing left to do Your hearts so divided that I finally decided Gonna take me away from you  Gonna take me away from you So I can't see the things that you do This may not make much sense but in my hearts defense Gonna take me away from you  With every click of the track my mind will go back To the wonderful love we once knew But it's all over now, I'll forget you somehow When I take me away from you  Gonna take me away from you So I can't see the things that you do This may not make much sense but in my hearts defense Gonna take me away from you  Gonna take me away from you So I can't see the things that you do With a heart full of pain, I'll catch that old train That'll take me away from you|Country
georgejones|I Can't Get Used to Being Lonely|I've got to get used to being lonely And get used to knowin', darling, that you're gone 'Cause how can I prepare myself without you When I can't get used to being all alone.  I got to get used to being lonely And say this is the last day of the year 'Cause how can I look forward to tomorrow When I can't get used to knowing I've lost you.  For things to change I must help to change them 'Cause on my own I don't have faith in me But loneliness is all I have without you 'Cause I can't get used to being this lonely.|Country
georgejones|Let a Little Loving Come In|Why don't you let a little lovin', let a little lovin' Let a little lovin' come in Open up your window to your heart and let it in. Won't you let a little lovin' come in.  Well, ain't no use in you keepin' all that misery bottled up inside you You could have a blast and forget about the past If you'd only give yourself a chance Why do you do a little hopin' and quit all that mopin' Well if you had? And it wouldn't take a second glance.  If you just let a little lovin', let a little lovin' Let a little lovin' come in Open up your window to your heart and let it in. Won't you let a little lovin' come in.  Let a little lovin', let a little lovin' Let a little lovin' come in.  Tall dark and handsome come in.  Let a little lovin' come in.|Country
georgejones|Selfishness in Man|I saw a little beam of sunlight Steal across a purple sky And bent down to kiss a rose bud Oh, it made me wanna cry  And to think that I've been permitted To see a part of nature's plan Oh, there's nothing that stands out more Than the selfishness in man  Little children painting pictures Of the blooms and apple trees Oh, why can't the grown up people Have faith of one thing?  And to think those tiny fingers Might become a killer's hand Oh, there's nothing that stands out more Than the selfishness in man  Why can't we see the folly? And the uselessness of pain Love could lead to understanding Maybe it's not too late  Then perhaps through His great wisdom We might learn to understand Then there'd be no shame or sorrow And no selfishness in man  Then perhaps through His great wisdom We might learn to understand Then there'd be no shame or sorrow And no selfishness in man|Country
georgejones|Worst of Luck|I just got the news, I understand you're married While your friends are congratulatin' you I'll add my two cents and I'll convey my feelings So here's wishing all the worst of luck to you.  May the troubles that you have all be big ones I hope every dress he buys you turns to blue May your life with him be one big mess of heartaches Oh, here's wishing all the worst of luck to you.  I hope everything he touches start to hurtin' Cause I know that he'll be touchin' you a lot If you think I want revenge well, you're right I really do So, here's wishing all the worst of luck to you.  May your life with him be one big mess of Oh, here's wishing all the worst of luck to you  Yes, here's wishing all the worst of luck to you|Country
georgejones|Even the Bad Times Are Good|If there's a chance that your heart misses the words I try to say with kisses If I don't seem to look as happy as I should I wouldn't want to live without you I love everything about you Yes even the bad times are good  Your middle name should be perfection cause that's what you are to me Even in my darkest moments you make it easier to see I wouldn't change one thing about you if I knew that I could Yes even the bad times are good  You never let me feel mistreated your love is all I've ever needed When I was weak somehow you always understood You're not afraid of stormy weather and that's what keeps our love together Yes even the bad times are good  Your middle name should be perfection Even the bad times are good|Country
georgejones|Sea Between Our Hearts|There's a sea between our hearts where the waves are cold and dark And the undertow of loneliness gets strong My heart's caught in the tide of a love that you've denied For you're colder than this sea we're drifting on.  The sea between our hearts is dark and stormy And the harbor of your love is the only haven for me If I only had a chart to guide me to your heart I'd anchor there and sail the sea no more.  There's a shore of happiness that somehow we have missed And now you've drifted off to someone new But I haunt the lonely sea with a crew of memories For the compass of my heart still points to you.  The sea between our hearts is dark and stormy And the harbor of your love is the only haven for me If I only had a chart to guide me to your heart I'd anchor there and sail the sea no more|Country
georgejones|Lonesome Life|(Have pity on me, please old lonesome, lonesome life)  Let's end it now, oh, lonesome life these heartaches I'm tired inside and this old heart could use a rest It might as well stop beatin' as far as she's concerned And God, I know there's not a chance that she'll return  If you tell from me I can't go on in life I'm dreaming from all memories of her tonight I've changed my heart and left the world turn out the light Have pity on me please, oh, won't you lonesome life? (Have pity on my please, oh, won't you lonesome life?)  Oh, lonesome life, I've been through many things with you Like sleepless nights and broken dreams and love we once knew You know I served my purpose, so let's do what's right And let me go from you, I plead oh, lonesome life  If you tell from me I can't go on in life I'm dreaming from all memories of her tonight I've changed my heart and left the world turn out the light Have pity on me please, oh, won't you lonesome life (Have pity on me please, oh, won't you lonesome life)|Country
georgejones|I Saw Me|For the first time tonight I saw me And I said to myself what a fool He placed a crown on your head Believed the lies, each one you said For the first time tonight I saw me.  Yes, I looked into my eyes And saw the reason why she cried Saw a picture of a fool Who should still be by her side.  For the first time tonight I saw me And I'm ashamed for now I can see Love she gave all in vain I was one, her everything For the first time tonight I saw me.  Yes, I looked into my eyes And saw the reason why she cried Saw a picture of a fool Who should still be by her side.  For the first time tonight I saw me And I'm ashamed for now I can see Love she gave all in vain I was one, her everything For the first time tonight I saw me.  Yes, for the first time tonight I saw me...|Country
georgejones|Every Time I Look at You|I see a beautiful rose And my heart with love overflows I get a feeling that I never knew Every time that I look at you.  The world looks so different to me Everything's so pretty I see I get a feeling that I never knew Every time that I look at you.  The world is your lips so divine In you arms heaven is mine I always see a dream come true Every time that I look at you.  Every time that I look at you|Country
georgejones|I Wish Tonight Would Never End|Go out on a date with me tonight kiss me hard and hold me tight Baby, I've loved you for so long You're really just a huggin' and kiss and pet, make love that ain't been made yet Baby, true love just can't be wrong.  Well, we'll a make love underneath the stars under a lover's moon Make us some plans about a weddin' day that's comin' up real soon So I'm a gonna take you out tonight and I'm a gonna treat you real, real nice Wish that tonight would never end.  Well, a we'll a get in about two o'clock and all your neighbors in the block They won't know what time that you get in 'Cause we'll a just a sneak up to your door, kiss me once and I'll beg for more Wish that tonight would never end.  Yeah, yeah, we'll make love underneath the stars under a lover's moon Make us some plans about a weddin' day that's comin' up real soon So I'm a gonna take you out tonight and I'm a gonna treat you real, real nice Wish that tonight would never end...|Country
georgejones|Ain't It Funny What a Fool Will Do|(Funny what a fool will do.)  Here am I without your arms again Oh, how many times have you walked out and walked back in And I cried just like a baby, after you Oh, oh, It's funny what a fool will do.  Here am I with empty arms, again Counting all the times that you walked out and walked back in Still my heart goes right on wanting you Oh, oh, It's funny what a fool will do.  Is you love worth all these heartaches, I don't think so I can't hold you and yet I can't let you go You just keep and I hope my faith in you Oh, oh,  It's funny what a fool will do.  Oh, oh,  It's funny what a fool will do...|Country
georgejones|We Must Have Been Out of Our Minds|We said our goodbyes long ago, Never thinking we'd miss each other so, All the memories we can't leave behind, Oh, we must have been out of our minds.  I thought I loved another, not you, How foolish, I thought the same, too, They both turned out to be the wrong kind, Oh, we (must have been out of our minds.  Let's forgive and forget the past we've known, And reap together the wild seeds we've sown, Surely they can forgive us and find, That we must have been out of our minds.  I thought I loved another, not you, How foolish, I thought the same, too, They both turned out to be the wrong kind, Oh, we must have been out of our minds.  Yes, we must have been out of our minds.|Country
georgejones|I Can't Change Over Night|There's a love in my heart that I've been keeping. I don't know how to give it away to someone new. Oh, you walked out the door and left me weeping, And I can't change overnight, from loving you.  If I can't walk with you, then I'll walk all alone. Till my feet touch the ground, and that's where I'll call home. I don't like all this loneliness that I go through. But I can't change overnight, from loving you.  Oh, you say to forget the lips I used to kiss. Find someone to take your place, or the love I once knew. Yes, you walked out the door and left me weeping, And I can't change overnight, from loving you.  If I can't walk with you, then I'll walk all alone. Where my feet touch the ground, then that's where I'll call home. I don't like all this loneliness that I go through. But I can't change overnight, from loving you...|Country
georgejones|In the Shadow of a Lie|I lead a rich rewarding life, a wife, a home, a car But generally you can find me down in some dim lit bar I hold all the pleasures of the world, this fact I can't deny But I'm living, yes, I'm living in the shadow of a lie My wife's first husband and myself were on a fishin' trip He was in our rowboat, me on shore, when I saw my partner slip A hellish thing took hold of me and I delayed my rescue dash Still I knew my lover husband had finally breathed his last I took his body back to town and restrained a happy smile When they said there'd be a hearin', wouldn't even be a trial That a fine upstanding citizen like me could do no wrong And the walls between me and my love would finally soon be gone Now just when my world glows brightest and warm thoughts run through my head A chilling darkness hovers like a demon over head And sometimes the guilt inside me reigns so strong I hope to die For I'm living, is it living, in the shadow of a lie...|Country
georgejones|Seasons of My Heart|The seasons come, the seasons go We get a little sunshine, rain and snow Just the way that it was planned to be But there's no seasons in my heart While you play the leading part 'Cause the flowers will bloom eternally  Your leaving, will bring autumn sorrow And my tears like withered leaves, will fall But spring, could bring some glad tomorrow And Darlin' we could be happy after all  As it is in nature's plan No season gets the upper hand Oh, how I'll try to keep this fact in mind But see what bares the cold wet blow  And by experience we should know That winters comes but the spring is close behind  Your leavin' will bring autumn sorrow And my tears like withered leaves will fall But spring could come some glad tomorrow And, Darlin' we could be happy after all...|Country
georgejones|Too Much Water|Well, I've been thinking about you all night long What you been a doing to me You told me that you love me, I thought that you loved me But you never was true to me.  Well they say you're getting tired of all your running around You're wanting me to settle dowm It too much water run under the bridge And I'm too mad to come back now.  Well, there's things I've been wanting to tell you There's a lot of things you need to know And I don't think I'll wait for a later date Now's the time to let you know.  'Cause there's been too many nights I've waited at your door While you run around on me But I got to thinking my ship started sinking And I thought I'd better swim the sea.  So now my telephones ringing, pretty girls singing So go ahead and run around It's just too much water run under the bridge And I'm too mad to come back now.  Well, there's things I've been wanting to tell you There's a lot of things you need to know And I don't think I'll wait for a later date Now's the time to let you know.  'Cause there's been too many nights I've waited at your door While you run around on me But I got to thinking my ship started sinking And I thought I'd better swim the sea.  So now my telephones ringing, pretty girls singing So go ahead and run around It's just too much water run under the bridge And I'm too mad to come back now.|Country
georgejones|Don't Stop the Music|Don't stop the music Let it play one more song The same one that played But not for so long  He's out with another I saw him tonight Sitting there close together He knows that's not right  So, don't stop the music Let it play one more song The same one that played But not for so long  My pockets are empty I've spent my last dime But I just got to hear it That song one more time  Don't be mad at me mister I know that it's wrong But I want you to hear it The words of that song  So, don't stop the music Don't make me go home I know she's not there And I cry all night long  Don't stop the music Let it play one more song The same one that played But not for so long  My pockets are empty I've spent my last dime But I just got to hear it That song one more time|Country
georgejones|Why Baby Why|Tell me why baby, why baby, why baby, why You make me cry baby, cry baby, cry baby, cry I can't help but love you 'til the day that I die So tell me, why baby, why baby, why baby, why  Well I got a crow I wanna pick with you Just like last time when the feathers flew You're runnin' wild kickin' up your heels A leavin' me home with a hand full of bills  Well, I can't live without you and you know it's true But there's no livin' with you so what'll I do I'm goin' honky tonkin', get as tight as I can And maybe by then you'll 'preciate a good man  Tell me why baby, why baby, why baby, why You make me cry baby, cry baby, cry baby, cry  I can't help but love you 'til the day that I die So tell me why baby, why baby, why baby, why  Well, now I don't know, but I've heard say That ever' little dog is a gonna have his day You'd better pay attention, don't you dare forget 'Cause I'm just a little bitty puppy. yet  Yeah, I caught you honky tonkin' with my best friend The thing to do was leave you, but I should'a left then Now I'm too old to leave you, but I still get sore When you come home a feelin' for the knob on the door  Tell me why baby, why baby, why baby, why You make me cry baby, cry baby, cry baby, cry I can't help but love you 'til the day that I die So tell me, why baby, why baby, why baby, why...|Country
georgejones|You Never Thought|Who's gonna be to blame when dreams are all in vain And find out then that there's somebody new Who's gone away someday, they hadn't gone away I bet you never thought it would be you I bet you never thought it could be you  You'll walk the floor and weep, you will tremble in your sleep You'll sit and wonder what you're gonna do Who's gonna pray each night for the Lord to bring daylight I bet you never thought it could be you you I bet you never thought it would be you.  Who's gonna feel ashamed each time they hear my name And be sorry that they broke a heart in two I think you ought to know so I'll tell you before I go I bet you never thought it would be you you I bet you never thought it could be you|Country
georgejones|No Money in This Deal|Well, I can meet you on the street And I'll stop and talk to you You can walk around the block And I will walk around it too.  But you can sit down in the park Do some lovin' in the dark But to me you don't appeal Cause there ain't no money in this deal.  Now you might say to me let's eat I might say my name is Pete And you say that yours is Joy But I know it could be Loy.  We can go ahead and fill A life that isn't real Later I might say I'm Bill Cause there ain't no money in this deal.  Well, if you want me dear Come and get me I'll be here And I will marry you If you say that you will do.  Anything I say until You buy me an automobile But I won't stay with you still There's some money in this deal.  Well, then she turned around and said She'd rather be dead Than to see me spend her money When I ain't never called her honey.  And then for her thrill She already got her fill Told me to go find another Cause there ain't no money in this deal.  I mean it baby there's no money in this deal|Country
georgejones|Just One More|Put the bottle on the table Let it stay by till I'm not able To see your face in everyplace that I go I've been sitting here so long Just remembering that you are gone Well, one more drink of wine Then if you're still on my mind One drink, just one more and then another  I'll keep drinking it won't matter I'll just remember that I once had her I don't know why I sit and cry everyday I've been trying to forget But I haven't stopped as yet Well, one more drink of wine Then if you're still on my mind One drink, just one more and then another  Put the bottle on the table Let it stay by till I'm not able To see your face in everyplace that I go I've been sitting here so long Just remembering that you are gone Well, one more drink of wine Then if you're still on my mind One drink, just one more and then another|Country
georgejones|Take the Devil Out of Me|Oh Jesus, please Please take the devil outta me.  I've traveled far down this lonesome road The devil he's got me bent down so low I've just found out where I want to be Oh Jesus, please Please take the devil outta me.  I'm getting tired of living in sin I'm tired of keeping the devil for my friend I want so badly to be set free Oh Jesus, please Please take the devil outta me.  Now, I'm so happy, I'm free from sin Because I left my dear Savior in My Jesus told me that I was free Oh Jesus, thank you You took the devil outta me.  I'm getting tired of living in sin I'm tired of keeping the devil for my friend I want so badly to be set free Oh Jesus, please Please take the devil outta me.|Country
georgejones|All I Want to Do|I don't want to be the one that make you lonely I don't want to be the one that make you cry I just want to take you in my arms and hold you And keep you there until the day I die I don't want to be the reason you're unhappy I don't want to be the one that makes you blue I just want to take you in my heart for always And love you dear that's all I want to do I don't want to be the best man at your weddin' Unless I can be the one that says I do For I want to show you just how much I love you 'Cause that's the only thing I want to do  I don't never want to be the one to hurts you I don't want to be the one that does you wrong I just want to be the one that's always near you The one that never leaves you all alone I don't want to sit with you out in the moonlight And tell you lies like all the others do I just want to take you in my heart for always And love you dear thats all I want to do I don't want to be the best man at your weddin' Unless I can be the one that says I do For I want to show you just how much I love you 'Cause that's the only thing I want to do|Country
georgejones|Yearning|Yearning to be with the one I can't agree with Yearning to hear you call my name Like a fool I left you and now I can't forget you Please forgive me take me back again.  I'll never be the same without you, darling You'll always be my everything My love for you's still burning and my poor heart is yearning While you wear another's name.  Yearning to hold you, to let my arms enfold you Yearning to hear you call my name Yearning to kiss you, oh darling, How I'll miss you Oh, how I wish you felt the same.  I never knew how much you cared about me I thought that you were fooling me  Now I'm yearning to kiss you, oh how I'll miss you I wish that we could make our romance restart|Country
georgejones|Ragged but Right|Well I've come here to tell you folks I'm ragged but I'm right I'm a tramp and a gambler I stay out late at night But a porterhouse steak steak three times a day for my board That's more than any loafer in this old town can afford Well I got big electric fan to keep me cool while I sleep A little baby boy playin' rounds at my feet I'm a rambler and a gambler and I've lead a dirty life Well I tell you folks I'm ragged but I'm right  Well then I got married I knew I'd settle down And I built a little love nest right here in my hometown Now I've got a family one that I'm proud of I know that I'll be happy cause they're the ones I love Well I got big electric fan... I tell you folks I'm ragged but I'm right  I'm a rambler and a gambler I've lead a dirty life Well I tell you folks I'm ragged but I'm right|Country
georgejones|You Gotta Be My Baby|Oh, you said you wes my baby  Now I know that you're my baby But it seems to me you got rovin' eye If you wanna be my baby  Then you gotta be my baby You can't keep your finger in two different fire.  I remember how you pleaded  When you told me that you needed My lovin' I believe it without a doubt So if you wanna be my baby  Then you gotta be my baby And you gotta leave 'em kissin' cousins out.  Oh, when you're high steppin' I'm a crawlin' low I get suspicious and I'm a gonna tell you so If you wanna be my baby  Then you gotta be my baby And be nobody's baby but mine.  Now I heard there was another  So I went and asked your mother If anybody hung around 'sides me She gave me no satisfaction  So now I can't take no action But I think that I'll just hang around and see.  If you wanna be my baby  Then you gotta be my baby And you gotta come to me and tell me so If you're gonna be my baby  Then you gotta be my baby I'm tired of waitin' round so let me know.  Oh, when you're high steppin' I'm a crawlin' low I get suspicious and I'm a gonna tell you so If you wanna be my baby  Then you gotta be my baby And be nobody's baby but mine.  You've gotta be nobody's baby but mine...|Country
georgejones|Gonna Come Get You|Don't do no good for me to keep a-wishin' It's no use cause you I keep a-missin' I'm a-gonna get up right now I'm a-gonna come get you Don't do no good for me to keep a-lyin' To myself and I'm a-gonna stop tryin' I'm a-gonna get up right now I'm a-gonna come get you I'm a-gonna come get you, I'm a-leavin' in the mornin' You better be ready I'm a-givin' you warnin' Baby, I don't want to be left down Cause this time I'm not a-playin' around I've been sittin' home thinkin' and decidin' I've made up my mind and there ain't no use a-hidin' I'm a-gonna get up right now I'm a-gonna come get you  You left home and you went and told your pappy That I could'nt never ever make you happy I'm a-gonna get up right now And I'm a-gonna show get you It does no good for me to be a-cryin' It's no use for me to be denyin' I'm a-gonna get up right now And I'm a-gonna come get you I'm a-gonna come get you, I'm a-leavin' in the morning You better be ready I'm a-givin' you warnin' Baby, I don't want to be left down Cause this time I'm not playing around I've been sittin' home thinkin' and decidin' I've made up my mind and there ain't no use a-hidin' I'm a-gonna get up right now I'm a-gonna come get you...|Country
georgejones|Cup of Loneliness|I say Christian pilgrim so redeemed from sin, Hauled out of darkness a new life to begin. Were you ever in the valley where the way is dark and dim? Did you ever drink the cup of loneliness with him?  Did you ever have them laugh at you and say it was a fake? The stand that you so boldly for the Lord did take. Did they ever mock at you and laugh in ways quit grim? Did you ever drink the cup of loneliness with him?  Did you ever try to preach then old fashioned pray? And even when you did it that did not seem a way. And you lost all courage then lost all you vim. Did you ever drink the cup of loneliness with him?  All my friends 'tis bitter sweet while here on earth we stopped. To follow in the footsteps that our dear Savior crossed To suffer with the savior and when the way is dark and dim The drink of the bitter cup of loneliness with him...|Country
georgejones|Someone's Watching Over You|(Someone who's watching over you tonight) If you do your best to do what's right And you don't have trouble sleeping at night And the devil don't fill your soul with cry And there's someone who's watching over you tonight If you lend the hand to every man And you treat him like he's your friend And your conscience tells you you've done what's right Then there's someone who's watching over you tonight Yes friends you know he'll watch over you As you rest your very weary head And the angels will always be standing there Yes right there when you'll be dead So if you do your best to do what's right And you don't have trouble sleeping at night And the devil don't fill your soul with cry And there's someone who's watching someone who's watching Someone who's watching over you tonight|Country
georgejones|He Made Me Free|I had drifted for so long with my life so full of wrong That the Lord should have turned his back on me But he took the trembling hand of a lost and lonely man Broke the chains from mortal shame and made me free Yes he took away the sin from my soul where it had been And he helped my blinding eyes again to see Yes and now I understand the beauty of salvation's plan Out on the cross you paid the cost and made me free I had sunk so deep in shame never calling on his name All the joys of life had turned to misery But then he gave me back control of my lost and wandering soul Removed the fears dried my tears and made me free Yes he took away the sin that had stained me deep within And he gave me back the fate that I might see Now I'm so glad I understand the promise of salvation's plan Out on the cross you paid the cost and made me free|Country
georgejones|Beacon in the Night|Many souls are driftin' on the troubled sea of sin The under tow of evil has pulled so many in Tonight the troubled ways of sorrow fill our hearts with pride And we're so blind that we can't see the beacon in the night.  The beacon in the night is always shinin' And darkest clouds can have a silver linin' Just set your torch for glory then don't turn left or right Heavens shore is lighted by the beacon in the night.  When the mist of wickedness conceals the beacon's light And you're driftin' through the fog somewhere out in the night The one who whispers peace be still and calms the raging sea He is the beacon in the night, He'll rescue you and me.  The beacon in the night is always shinin' And storm clouds can have a silver linin' So set your course for glory and don't turn left or right Be guided straight to Heaven by the beacon in the night|Country
georgejones|Wings of a Dove|On the wings of a snow white dove He sends his pure sweet love A sign from above (a sign from above) On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)  When trouble surrounds us When evil's come The body grows weak (body grows weak) And the spirit grows numb (spirit grows numb)  When these things beset us He doesn't forget us He sends down his love (sends down his love) On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)  On the wings of a snow white dove He sends his pure sweet love A sign from above (a sign from above) On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)  When noah had drifted In the flood many days He searched for land (He searched for land) In various ways (In various ways)  Troubles he had some But wasn't forgotten He sent down his love (sent down his love) On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)  On the wings of a snow white dove He sends his pure sweet love A sign from abouve (a sign from above) On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)  On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove) On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)...|Country
georgejones|Wandering Soul|Oh, lend me a hand, please Lord, and guide me And help lead me down the road that is right Oh, carry me through these hours of darkness And show me the path of shining light  I'm a wandering soul, I'm lost from my Savior A sheep that has strayed so far from the fold Just tarrying along in the clutch of old Satan But I'm hoping someday, You'll save my soul  Dear Lord, please forgive the grief I have caused You The thought of my sins that tortures my soul Oh, help me to know the joy of salvation Help cleanse my life through and make me whole  I'm a wandering soul, lost from my Savior A sheep that has strayed so far from the fold Just a-tarrying along in the clutch of old Satan But I'm hoping someday, You'll save my soul|Country
georgejones|He's So Good to Me|He is so good to me He is so good to me When I am down he comforts me He is so good to me When life darkness starts closing in I meet in secret with my special friend He talks to me and calmness begins He is so good to me He is so good to me He is so good to me When I am down he comforts me He is so good to me  Each days burdens may touch my soul But I meet with him and He makes me whole My troubles gone and rest on the sea He is so good to me He is so good to me He is so good to me When I am down he comforts me He is so good to me He is so good to me He is so good to me When I am down he comforts me He is so good to me He is so good to me He is so good to me When I am down he comforts me He is so good to me...|Country
georgejones|Magic Valley|I'm going home to magic valley where hay turns into rose I'm going home to magic valley leaving for my home above Now don't you cry because I'm leaving for you see I've had my day I've led the life that's not for grieving so rejoice with me and pray For I hear my Lord telling me put down that heavy load You'll reach your gold now follow me come on up the golden road For I hear my Lord telling me...|Country
georgejones|Kneel at the Feet of Jesus|Well I guess I been hanging around too long It's just about time I was moving along I'm a gonna kneel at the feet of Jesus in the morning Don't you worry and don't you moan It's just about time I was moving along I'm a gonna kneel at the feet of Jesus in the morning I'm gonna kneel at the feet of Jesus in the morning I'm gonna leave this sinful world before the dawning And don't you worry and don't you moan It's just about time I was moving on Just before you carry me away Don't you bury me deep cause I ain't gonna stay I'm a gonna kneel at the feet of Jesus in the morning Just a little bit of dirt and a little bit of gravel Don't you weigh me down cause you know I gotta travel I'm a gonna kneel at the feet of Jesus in the morning I'm gonna kneel at the feet of Jesus...|Country
georgejones|Homecoming in Heaven|My years have been many, My loved ones are gone, And I miss them more every day.  I'm ready to move to that heavenly home  And I yearn for the day I can say.  Take this ring from my finger, These shoes from my feet Take all of my worldly possessions away.   Just leave me my bible, A date I must keep,  It's homecoming in heaven for me.  I'll kiss my ol' mother, Shake hands with my dad, I know they'll remember their boy. We'll all be so happy And I'll be so glad,  As our cup runneth over with joy!  Take this ring from my finger, These shoes from my feet Take all of my worldly possessions away.  Just leave me my bible, A date I must keep,  It's homecoming in heaven for me..|Country
georgejones|My Cup Runneth Over|Dark days ago (dark days ago) I walked all alone (walked all alone) I thought for my sins I could never atone But then I was loved when I heard a voice say Look and I'll turn all your darkness to day Then I knelt down to pray (knelt down to pray.)  Now my cup runneth over (cup runneth over) Life is so sweet (life is so sweet) All I could hope for to make it complete Down lifes silvery pathway He's walkin' with me My cup runneth over, no sorrow I'll see  My future looks bright (future looks bright) My heart is at ease (heart is at ease) And every night while down on my knees I thank the good Lord who smiles from above And the happiess wraps me around like a glove For I have His love (I have his love.)  My cup runneth over (cup runneth over) Life is so sweet (life is so sweet) All I could hope for to make it complete Down lifes silvery pathway He's walkin' with me My cup runneth over, from sin I am free My Jesus saved me (Jesus saved me)|Country
georgejones|We Believe in Each Other|We watch the friends we know  Break and drift apart And we heard them say too much  That hurts and breaks a heart.  But that just seems to draw us both closer together  For we believe in each other You're happy just having pennies  When we know a promise gold.  But the rougher rolling ways  Are tighter we both hold We laugh at rainy bad times  And wait for sunny weather   'Cause we believe in each other We believe in each other  And where you go darling I will go Yes we believe in each other   And it's all because we love each other so We believe in each other...|Country
georgejones|Lovely Place to Cry|I know this house is the finest one around And we are both respected in our town But our friends don't know the truth when they drop by That our house is such a lovely place to cry.  I keep my yard cut as close as it can be There's no litter laying round for one to see  And I know someday I'll tell this place goodbye But till then it's sure a lovely place to cry.  You don't need lovely things around you When you have no love left in you And when you're already dead before you die But someday someone will buy this place and be happy if they'll try.  But for us it's been a lovely place to cry. Yes, for us it's been a lovely place to cry...|Country
georgejones|There's Power in Our Love|I can't thank you enough For the happiness we've shared I've never known a day that sunshine wasn't there I can't begin to tell you the joy you bring to me And as long as we're together What more could there ever be?  'Cause there's power, power, power in our love It's so strong that it controls us everyday Yes, there's power, power, power in our love And together we love living life this way  There is no challenge in this world That we can't meet, today For I've got you beside me, hand in hand all the way And when I go to sleep tonight so satisfied, within I know that when the morning comes, I'll be in love again  'Cause there's power, power, power in our love It's so strong that it controls us everyday Yes, there's power, power, power in our love And together we love living life this way  Yes, there's power, power, power in our love..|Country
georgejones|Perfect Match|Well, I look across my morning cup of coffee And see an angel smiling back at me And I think of how your loving seems to fit just like a glove And your disposition suits me to a T.  And nothing gives me greater satisfaction Than knowing that you feel the way you do 'Cause it makes my life worth living and I get a thrill from giving All my love to you and only you.  You and me together we're a perfect match In each other we have found a perfect catch Like two ol' birds on the eggs of happiness knowin' they're gonna hatch. You and me together we're a perfect match.  You know just what I need and when I need it With you contentment it wasn't hard to find And though we have our problems we let love and kindness solve 'em You think that we could read each other's minds.  Sometimes I think that we should start all over I'll bet we wouldn't want to change a thing Through the good times and the bad ones just a few real sad ones We found happiness that only true love brings.  You and me together we're a perfect match In each other we have found a perfect catch Like two ol' birds on the eggs of happiness knowin' they're gonna hatch. You and me together we're a perfect match.  You and me together we're a perfect match...|Country
georgejones|Great Divide|I guess we've walked a million miles together hand in hand We'd climb steep Rocky Mountains a happy woman a happy man We'd thought our love would go on forever side by side But here we stand like strangers at the great divide.  We've loved our way to the top of life the rest was all down hill The rough times seem behind us and our dreams were all fulfilled But we found out sometimes love grows old and I think our love just died But here we stand like strangers at the great divide.  Now you'll take a high road I will take the low But who'll take the baby cause we both love her so Divorce is not the answer now but we've got too much pride So here we stand like strangers at the great divide.  So here we stand like strangers at the great divide...|Country
georgejones|To Live on Love|Don't the sun feel warm today, don't our lives feel warm today We have true love to be proud of And we both understand it all and neither one demands it all 'Cause we know how it feels to live on love.  Don't the birds sing a lovely song, don't our hearts sing a lovely song There's only the good things to be thinking of There's no trouble to be found strong enough to turn our world around Cause we know how it feels to live on love.  Yes, we know how it feels Just to wake up in the morning and be together every day And to know we've been as close as two hearts could ever be And there's more love on its way till it come to stay.  Don't the wind feel good today and don't our smile look good on our face 'Cause we know how it feels to live on love Yes. we know how it feels to live on love To live on love...|Country
georgejones|You and Me Together|Well, we found a life together And it's a gonna last forever Nothing can hurt me now 'cause you are mine.  We put away all of our sadness We're walking every day with gladness You and me together all the time.  Well, she wants to love me a little bit better It's okay I'm gonna let her When he holds me I can feel He's hard giving love's true and real.  Oh, now we got a little bitty baby We're happy and we don't mean maybe You and me together all the time.  Well, we'll build a little house in the country And we'll go to church every Sunday We got each other and we don't need a thing.  We start every day with a sweet kiss And that's one thing we wouldn't miss You and me together making life sweet.  Well she wants to love me a little bit better It's okay I'm gonna let her When he holds me I can feel He's hard giving love's true and real.  Oh, now we got a little bitty baby We're happy and we don't mean maybe You and me together all the time.  You and me together all the time...|Country
georgejones|Lovin' You Is Worth It|I work hard and I work over time And I'm still deep in debt I tell myself I'll get ahead But I haven't done it yet.  Sometimes I think of giving up Leave you, pack up and go But I love you for your sweet lips And in your arms I know.  Lovin' you is worth it Worth the heartbreak each day We've come this far together So it's together all the way.  I'll admit I'd like to have a house New car and fancy clothes Dress up, go out with you To places where we used to go.  And I get lonely even though You do your best for me And when you tell me I love you And kiss me I can see.  Lovin' you is worth it Worth the heartbreak each day We've come this far together So it's together all the way.  We've come this far together So it's together all the way...|Country
georgejones|We're Gonna Try to Get Along|We're gonna try to get along everyday We're gonna search our hearts right now and find the way From now on we're gonna sing a happy song Everyday we're gonna try to get along.  Yes, we love each other so and that is why  If we don't try now, love might pass us by We should keep it in the family, that's the place And that's way to keep a smile upon our face.  So we're gonna try to get along everyday We're gonna search our hearts right now and find the way From now on we're gonna sing a happy song Everyday we're gonna try to get along.  Take the kids, go away on a trip Ride a plane take a train or a ship Anything to make us laugh and have some fun Doing this might get the old ball game won.  We're gonna try to get along everyday We're gonna search our hearts right now and find the way From now on we're gonna sing a happy song Everyday we're gonna try to get along.  We're gonna try to get along everyday We're gonna search our hearts right now and find the way From now on we're gonna sing a happy song Everyday we're gonna try to get along...|Country
georgejones|It's Been a Beautiful Life|Darling, I've loved you all of these years And you've never once caused the heartbreak or tear Without you to love me oh what would I do It's been a beautiful life loving you.  And darling, I love you more every day And I'll stand beside you each step of the way You've made it heaven, my dreams have come true It's been a beautiful life loving you.  If ever I need you, you're always there Life is much sweeter knowing you care Always together till life is through It's been a beautiful life loving you...|Country
georgejones|I've Got a New Heartache|You're back in town again spreadin' talk around That I'm still in love with you though you let me down I hate to admit it but I guess the talk is true Or else you couldn't make my heart ache the way you do.  I've got a new heartache about an old sweetheart That left me for somebody new I've got a new heartache about an old sweetheart And that's why I'm feeling so blue.  I've got a new heartache about an old sweetheart That left me for somebody new I've got a new heartache about an old sweetheart And that's why I'm feeling so blue...|Country
georgejones|Flame in My Heart|You cheated on me (you cheated me) I tried to be fair (I tried to be fair) But you don't believe enduring your share But I've learned my lesson (I've learned my lesson) And now I can say (now I can say) The flame in my heart is dying away is dying away Your kisses don't thrill me like they used to do Your arms only chill me I'm glad that we're through My heart was once yearning (my heart was once yearning) But now I can say (now I can say) The flame in my heart is dying away is dying away You fool me a while (you fool me a while) You thought you were wise (you thought you were wise) You even believed I fell for your life But the trick's turned on you (the trick's turned on you) Now gladly I say (now gladly I say) The flame in my heart is dying away is dying away Your kisses don't thrill me...|Country
georgejones|You're Back Again|You're back again but are you here to stay Or have you come again to lead my heart astray You know I love you though you treat me like this You're back again and I know I'll get burnt.  Every time I hold and kiss you You cause me to love you even more My crazy heart just can't realize You're back again just telling me lies.  Every time I hold and kiss you You cause me to love you even more. My crazy heart just can't realize You're back again just telling me lies|Country
georgejones|When Two Worlds Collide|Your world was so different From mine don't you see We just couldn't be close Though we tried.  We both reached for heavens But ours weren't the same That's what happens When two worlds collide.  Your world was made up Of things sweet and good My world could never Fit in, I wish it could.  Two hearts lie in shambles And oh. how they've cried That's what happens When two worlds collide.  Your world was made up Of things sweet and good My world could never Fit in, wish it could.  Two hearts lie in shambles And oh, how they've cried That's what happens When two worlds collide...|Country
georgejones|Tender Years|You keep saying you love him I believe that it's true And it just doesn't matter How much I love you  But in time you'll understand, dear When you shed a tear Then you'll know you were living In your tender years (tender years)  In your eyes there's a lovelight That shines for him But how long will it stay there Will that love light grow dim  You can just see the happiness You can't see the tears Yes it's true, you've been living In your tender years (tender years)  So if I can't be your first love I'll wait and be your last I'll be somewhere in your future To help you forget the past  And you'll know that I love you With a love that's sincere 'Cause I'll wait 'til you're thru living In your tender years (tender years)  Yes, you'll know that I love you With a love that's sincere Yes, I'll wait 'til you're thru living In your tender years... (tender years)...|Country
georgejones|The Window Up Above|I've been living a new way Of life that I love so But I can see the clouds are gath'ring And the storm will wreck our home For last night he held you tightly And you didn't even shove This is true for I've been watching From the window up above.  You must have thought that I was sleeping And I wish that I had been But I guess it's best to know you And the way your heart can sin I thought we belonged together And our hearts fit like a glove I was wrong for I've been watching From the window up above.  From my eyes the teardrops started As I listened on and on I heard you whisper to him softly That our marriage was all wrong But I hope he makes you happy And you will never lose his love I was wrong, I was watching From the window up above.  How I wish I could be dreaming And wake up to an honest love I was wrong for I was watching From the window up above...|Country
georgejones|Everything Ain't Right|I'm gonna build a private graveyard On the outskirts of town And if my baby don't get home tonight I'm a-gonna lower her down 'Cause it ain't right Lord, no, ev'rything ain't right  I saw her out just the other night She was really on a spree She was makin' love to some other guy Right there in front of me That ain't right Unt-uh, no, ev'rything ain't right  But I'm a-gonna buy her pretty things And try to change her mind 'Cause I gotta have her with me tonight I need her lovin' all of the time My heart ain't right Lord, no, ev'rything ain't right  I could build the highest bridges Over waters deep and wide To have her love back with me again It would ease this pain inside The world ain't right Unt-uh, no, ev'rything ain't right  And I find myself in darkness You took away the light And I know there's never been a fool Like me, before tonight That ain't right Lord, no, ev'rything ain't right  But I think I'll write my will out And sign it before too long You ain't a-gonna spend my money, unt-uh Not after this poor boy's gone That wouldn't be right Lord, no, ev'rything ain't right...|Country
georgejones|Yearning|Yearning to be with the one I can't agree with Yearning to hear you call my name Like a fool I left you and now I can't forget you Please forgive me take me back again.  I'll never be the same without you, darling You'll always be my everything My love for you's still burning and my poor heart is yearning While you wear another's name.  Yearning to hold you, to let my arms enfold you Yearning to hear you call my name Yearning to kiss you, oh darling, How I'll miss you Oh, how I wish you felt the same.  I never knew how much you cared about me I thought that you were fooling me  Now I'm yearning to kiss you, oh how I'll miss you I wish that we could make our romance restart|Country
georgejones|No Use to Cry|No use to cry don't even try to stop yourself from being lonely I'm leaving you so you'll be blue a long long time You thought you were smart to break a heart that love no one but you dear only I'm gonna do your heart the same way you did mine I'll board the train I won't explain just why the reason is I'm lately Cause you'll know why but not to cry just wait and see I gave you a home you done me wrong I tried so very hard to please you Well it's goodbye no use to cry it's gotta be You'll never win so think again before you do the same thing over There's not a man that ever can believe your lies Go right ahead and wish you was dead keep all your love deep undercover Then when he's gone and you're alone no use to cry|Country
georgejones|I'm With the Wrong One|I'm with the wrong one, yes, I know it I'm with the wrong one and I can show it Because I love you but I know you don't seem to care how much I cry If you just knew how much I love you now Just stop your lyin', stop me from cryin' But you don't wanna show your love for me is gone I'm with the wrong one.  I'm with the wrong one but you don't care You don't know the pain I bear I'm just another what can I do I'm someone new to you it's true I love you dearly and so sincerely But you don't wanna be the only one for me Although it hurts me so I have to let you go I'm with the wrong one.  I'm with the wrong one but you don't care You don't know the pain I bear I'm just another what can I do I'm someone new to you it's true I love you dearly and so sincerely But you don't wanna be the only one for me Although it hurts me so I have to let you go I'm with the wrong one.  I'm with the wrong one|Country
georgejones|A Drunk Can't Be a Man|He embarrasses his child and wife Lord, he leads a miserable life But still he thinks the bottle is his right hand  Yes and he can tear down more Than he's ever built before A man can be a drunk sometimes But a drunk can't be a man  He lets your business lag behind For the nightlife he can find Why he does all this he'll never understand  And in the morning when he wakes up Lord, he can't wait to fill his cup A man can be a drunk sometimes But a drunk can't be a man  For he goes from Dr. Jekyll to Mr. Hyde He seems proud to have the devil for his guide  Still he keeps on reachin' out Lord, he needs a helping hand But a man can be a drunk sometimes But a drunk can't be a man  Yes, a man can be a drunk sometimes But a drunk can't be a man|Country
georgejones|Ain't Nobody Gonna Miss Me|Oh well, I remember back in my younger days of high school Back then baseball was my biggest dream But when I stood in line for my turn at bat I found that wasn't where they wanted me at I wound up totten the water for all the teams  Well, there ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm leavin' There ain't nobody ever loved me very long No matter how much I miss our show I get kicked around everywhere I go There ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm gone  But when my uncle Sam called me to serve my country I stood up brave and smiled and packed my duds But to my surprise when I got there They gave me the boots and they cut my hair I wound up scrubbin' the floor and a peelin' spuds  No, ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm leavin' There ain't nobody ever loved me very long No matter how much I miss our show I get kicked everywhere I go There ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm gone  Well, I met me a pretty little girl there in Nashville I loved her more than all of my wildest dreams She took me for my money, my house and my boat And didn't even leave me a goodbye note I gave it all up, boy, did she strip me clean?  Well, there ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm leavin' There ain't nobody ever loved me very long No matter how much I miss our show I get kicked around everywhere where I go There ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm gone, when I'm gone There ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm gone|Country
georgejones|Stand on My Own Two Knees|I've tried everything I know to make you happy Never knew someone could be so hard to please Loving you is hard and I'm not sure I'll make it But at least I've learned I would stand on my own two knees  I've still got my pride it's just that I misplaced it Anyway it's better lost that no one sees Maybe I'm not strong enough right now to hold you But at least I've learned I would stand on my own two knees  It wasn't long ago you have me crawling Oh but look how far I've come can't you see Well I know it's still not walking tall but I'm trying And at least I've learned I would stand on my own two knees  Yes I know it's still not walking tall but I'm trying And at least I've learned I would stand on my own two knees|Country
georgejones|You're the Best Living|I've looked the whole world over, seen all there is to see And romance in Rome was so heavenly I've sailed across the ocean just soaking up the sun But you're the best living that I have ever done.  I've laid on satin pillows and slipped away with time Yes, I have had the finest the women and wine I played around with midnight until the morning come But you're the best living that I have ever done.  You're the best living that I have ever done A world of love and pleasures, that's what one might become Loving you is living, my life has just begun And you're the best living that I have ever done.  Yes, you're the best living that I have ever done|Country
georgejones|Over Something Good|Your eyes could light the world tonight that's just how much they glow Your face could give your heart away, everyone would know But you have fell in love with me, I never thought you would But don't you let yourself feel bad over something good.  Let's be proud to show the world just what we've got into Don't hang your head when you walk by, honey, let it show on you So hold me close and don't let go, darling, even if you should And don't you let yourself feel bad over something good.  Over something good I know you're feeling bad But think about the lovely nights we've had The things would be much better, darling, if you only could Keep yourself from feeling bad over something good.  Oh, things would be much better, darling, if you only could Keep yourself from feeling bad over something good|Country
georgejones|Her Name Is...|Oh, I love her and just can't live without her And I've got the urge to tell the world about her But our love's a secret and can't see the light of day But I went and wrote this love song anyway  Her name is, her eyes are Her hair is just like, and she measures But someday I'll fill in the lines when she and I are free And we'll walk in the sunshine and me  Oh, it really is a scandal and disgrace To have to call your woman what's-her-face But her husband thinks he owns her heart and soul for life And he'll kill the man who messes with his wife  Her name is, her eyes are Her hair is just like, and she measures But someday I'll fill in the lines when she and I are free And we'll walk in the sunshine and me  Yes, someday I'll fill in the lines when she and I are free And we'll walk in the sunshine and me  Her name is|Country
georgejones|I'm All She's Got|You're lookin' at a satisfied fellow Unhappy, well, I should say not If somebody told me that she cheated No, I wouldn't believe them 'cause I'm all she's got.  I'm the reason that she goes on with him Oh, she loves me with all of her heart No, she can't get enough of my lovin' She'd be nothin' without me 'cause I'm all she's got.  I'm all she's got and that's all I know Anything else would just kill my soul I'll be contented, oh, if she never stopped Saying that she loves me and I'm all she's got.  I'll be contented if she never stopped Saying she loves me and I'm all she's got|Country
georgejones|She Needs Me|No, I don't know the girl at the bar in the short red dress I haven't had the chance to get acquainted with her yet But I can tell that she's lonely by the sadness in her eyes And she needs more than just a drink tonight  She needs me to give her love and understanding Some good old country love and nothing else She needs me to throw my loving arms around her And tonight I could use some love myself  Each time she turns up the glass She drinks a memory from the past And sadness becomes a teardrop in her eye But she won't have to leave alone 'Cause tonight I'm takin' her home Wrapped up in these lonely arms of mine  For she needs me to give her love and understanding Some good old fashioned love and nothing else She needs me to throw my loving arms around her And tonight I could use some love myself Yes, tonight I could use some love myself|Country
georgejones|Right Now I'd Come Back and Melt in Her Arms|So many times she has cheated And settled me down with her charms It's easy to see how she's done me But right now I'd come back and melt in her arms.  Doing without her ain't easy, time didn't make me forget Tonight I'm feeling so lonely, 'cause I'm not over her yet So many times she's hurt me when she never meant any harm And I left what I thought was over But right now I'd come back and melt in her arms.  So many nights I pretended That she was a doing me wrong But whatever she's done, oh, it's forgotten 'Cause right now I'd come back and melt in her arms.  Oh yes, right now I'd come back and melt in her arms|Country
georgejones|Diary of My Mind|I can bring you back anytime I want to I remember an angel in your veil of white so fine You were always very near, well, I think that you're still here It's so reads in the diary of my mind.  On the first page there we are down by the river With the flowers bloomin' in the warm sunshine Speaking love words, soft and sweet and as our lips slowly meet We're together in the diary of my mind.  Yes, I can bring you back anytime I want to Even though you've been gone a long, long time Oh, I just close my eyes and then I realize You're right there in the diary of my mind.  On the next page I can smell the yellow roses You brought to this world our baby girl so fine A princess for the queen, I was such a happy king You're both still here in the diary of my mind.  Yes, seasons come and mistakes I don't like to remember But history shows that kindoms fall with time Mistrust and deceit and the bottle it brought defeat That's the last thing that's in the diary of my mind.  But I can bring you back anytime I want to Even though you've been gone a long, long time I just close my eyes and then I realize You're right there in the diary of my mind.  You're still here in the diary of my mind|Country
georgejones|A Good Year For the Roses|I can hardly bear the sight of lipstick On the cigarettes there in the ashtray Lyin' cold the way you left them At least your lips caressed them  While you packed  And a lip print on a half filled cup of coffee That you poured and didn't drink But at least you thought you wanted it That's so much more than I can say for me  But what a good year for the roses Many blooms still linger there The lawn could stand another mowin' It's funny, I don't even care And when you turned and walked away And as the door behind you closes  The only thing I know to say It's been a good year for the roses   After three full years of marriage It's the first time that you   Haven't made the bed I guess the reason we're not talkin' There's so little left to say We haven't said While a million thoughts Go runnin' through my mind I find I haven't spoke a word And from the bedroom those familiar sounds of our one baby's cryin' Goes unheard  But what a good year for the roses Many blooms still linger there The lawn could stand another mowin' It's funny, I don't even care And when you turned and walked away And as the door behind you closes  The only thing I know to say It's been a good year for the roses|Country
georgejones|Playing Possum|Well, you didn't think I knew that you'd been cheatin' on me You thought that I was stayin' home while you went on a spree But I've been staying outta sight and I see the things you do I've been playin' possum, I've been a-watchin' you.  Playin' possum, (playin' possum,) a-watchin' you Seein' you do all those thing that I know you shouldn't do But I'll keep hanging on because my love for you is true I'll keep playing possum and keep on loving you.  Last night I climbed up in a tree a-just outside his house And I saw him a-chasing you, a-playing cat and mouse Then I crawled up and went on home I didn't know what to do I've been a-playing possum, yes I've been a-watching you.  Playin' possum, (playin' possum,) watchin' you Seein' you do all those thing that I know you shouldn't do But I'll keep hanging on because my love for you is true I'll keep playing possum and keep on loving you.  I'm a-playin' possum, (playin' possum,) a-watchin' you Seein' you do all those thing that I know you shouldn't do But I'll keep hanging on because my love for you is true And I'll keep playing possum and keep on loving you.  Yeah, I'll keep playing possum and keep on loving you...|Country
georgejones|Try|Well you never know just what you can do till you try And most folks seem to be satisfied to get by Why you can do better when you just let her Prove to the world you're a real go-getter But you'll never know just what you can do till you try  Until a bird tries it's wings It doesn't even know it can fly But soon it goes soaring way off into the sky You can be great or you can be small Some things take no talent at all But you'll never know just what you can do till you try  So pay no attention to the bad things others may say Just keep looking and searching And you'll find success on your way I write songs and I write music My critics say that don't excuse it But you'll never know just what you can do till you try  Well you never know just what you can do till you try...|Country
georgejones|Going Life's Way|When the journey toilsome grows Many's the conflict cares and woes Going lifes way, going life way.  How we long for peace and love Home in the Father's house above Going lifes way, going life way.  Sweet the thought that cares will cease Over the times our joys increase Going lifes way, going life way.  On the way we'll rather sing Praises to Christ our Lord and King Going lifes way, going life way.  Though the dark way rugged might be It's his own hands guiding we seek Leading us too that mansion above Where there is joy, joy, joy, rapture and love.  Jesus leads all shepards, friends All of his own He will defend Going lifes way, going lifes way.  Never will our Lord forsake Us till in life we shall awake Ending lifes way, going lifes way.  Though the dark way rugged might be It's his own hands keeps a-guiding we seek Leading us too that mansion above Where there is joy, joy, joy, rapture and love...|Country
georgejones|I Know|Everyday when I come home you meet me at the door And every night your kisses leave me  Wanting so much more I reach for you and hold you like nobody else can do You know I'm yours I wish you loved me too  I know you need me I know you want me I hope you love me I've always loved you so  I looked up into your eyes and suddenly get weak And I can always read your mind before you even speak I touched you and without a doubt You know my love is real I wish I knew exactly how you feel  I know you need me I know you want me I hope you love me I've always loved you so|Country
georgejones|Loving You Makes You Mine|Just for a moment I hold you Each time someone mentions your name And it happens each time that I see you And the feelings inside are the same.  You are the dream I keep dreamin' Each night when I drift off to sleep Though it's only in dreams that I hold you You are with me and I am complete.  But somehow I never quit hoping That I will hold you in time Till then it's nexts years tomorrow Just lovin' you makes you mine.  You set a fire to my feelin's Each time that I look in your eyes You smile and I climb up to heaven There's a rainbow from earth to the sky.  But somehow I never quit hoping That I will hold you in time Till then it's nexts years tomorrow Just lovin' you makes you mine...|Country
georgejones|A Day In the Life of a Fool|Off to work with no kiss of goodbye Wear a smile on my face but I lied Cup of coffee at the corner cafe Catch the bus, read the news on my way Those emotions the whole mornin' through Start a day in the life of a fool Sometimes I dial our number in hopes you return But there's never an answer, guess I'll never learn Hurry home, as tomorrow is through Check the mail box no letter from you Then I rush up the stairs to my memories, again That's the day in the life of a fool Yes, I rush up the stairs to my memories of you That's the day in the life of a fool...|Country
georgejones|Never Grow Cold|Some folks live like a king, think they have everything With great riches and treasures untold Well we don't help what they do but when our day is through We've got love that would never grow cold.  Never grow cold, never grow cold  Our love will never grow cold Never grow cold, it will never grow cold  Our love will never grow cold.  When my life here is through, when they take me from you When my earthly possessions are sold They can have what I own, still for me things are gone We've got love that would never grow cold.  Never grow cold, never grow cold  Our love will never grow cold Never grow cold, it will never grow cold  Our love will never grow cold.  Our love will never grow cold...|Country
georgejones|Cold Cold Heart|You don't know who I am, But I know all about you; I've come to talk to you tonight, About the things I've seen you do.  I've come to set the record straight, I've come to shine the light on you; Let me introduce myself, I am the cold hard truth.  There is a woman we both know, I think you know the one I mean; She gave her heart and soul to you, You gave her only broken dreams.  You say you're not the one to blame, For all the heartaches she's been through; I say you're nothin' but a liar, And I'm the cold hard truth.  All your life that's how it's been, Looking out for number one; Taking more than you leave, Moving on when your done.  With her you could have had it all, A family and lots of laughs; If you had any sense at all, You'd go and beg her to come back.  You think that you're a real man, But you're nothing but a fool; The way you run away from love, The way you try to play it cool.  I gonna say this just one time, Time is running out on you; You best remember me my friend, I am the cold hard truth.  You best remeber me my friend, I am the cold hard truth...|Country
georgejones|Hey Good Lookin'|Hey, Hey,  good lookin' what you got cookin'? Hows about cookin' something up with me Hey, sweet baby, don't you think maybe You could find us a brand new recipe?  I got a hotrod Ford and a two dollar bill And I know a spot right over the hill Have sugar pop and the dance is free So if you wanna have fun come along with me.  Say hey, good lookin' what you got cookin' Hows about cookin' something up with me?  I'm free and I'm ready so we can go steady Hows about sharing all of your company Hey, hey, sweet baby, don't you think maybe You could find us a brand new recipe?  I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence And buy me one for five or ten cents Keep it 'til it's covered with age 'Cause I'm writin' your name down on every page.  Say, hey, good lookin' what you got cookin' Hows about cookin' something up with me?..|Country
georgejones|Howlin' at the Moon|I know there's never been a man in the awful shape I'm in I can't even spell my name, my heads in such a spin Today I tried to eat a steak with a big old tablespoon You got me chasin' rabbits, walkin' on my hands And a-howlin' at the moon.  Well look, I took one look at you  And it almost drove me mad And then I even went and lost what little sense I had Now I can't tell the day from night, I'm crazy as a loon You got me chasin' Rabbits, pullin' out my hair  And a-howlin' at the moon.  Some friends of mine asked me to go out on a huntin' spree 'Cause there ain't a hound dog in this state  That can hold a light to me I eat three bones for dinner today, then I tried to tree a 'Coon You got me chasin' Rabbits, scratchin' fleas  And a-howlin' at the moon.  I rode my horse to town today and a gas pump we did pass I pulled 'im up and I hollered whoa!, said fill 'em up with gas The man picked up a monkey wrench and wham!,  He changed my tune You got me chasin' rabbits, spittin' out teeth  And a-howlin' at the moon.  I never thought in this old world a fool could fall so hard But honey, baby, when I fell the whole world  Must have jarred I think I'd quit my doggish ways  If you'd take me for your groom You got me chasin' rabbits, pickin' out rings  And a-howlin' at the moon...|Country
georgejones|There'll Be No Teardrops Tonight|I'll pretend I'm free from sorrow, Make believe that wrong is right; Your wedding day will be tomorrow, But there'll be no teardrops tonight.  Why, oh why should you desert me, Are you doin' this for spite; If you only want to hurt me, Then there'll be no teardrops tonight.  I'll believe that you still love me, When you wear your veil of white; But you think that you're above me, And there'll be no teardrops tonight.  Shame, oh shame for what you're doin', Other arms will hold you tight; You don't care whose life you ruin, So, there'll be no teardrops tonight...|Country
georgejones|Half as Much|If you loved me half as much as I love you You wouldn't worry me half as much as you do You're nice to me when there's no one else around You only build me up to let me down.  If you missed me half as much as I miss you You wouldn't stay away half as much as you do I know that I would never be this blue If you only loved me half as much as I love you.  If you loved me half as much as I love you You wouldn't worry me half as much as you do You're nice to me when there's no one else around You only build me up to let me down.  If you missed me half as much as I miss you You wouldn't stay away half as much as you do I know that I would never be this blue If you only loved me half as much as I love you...|Country
georgejones|Honky Tonkin'|When you are sad and lonely and have no place to go Call me up, sweet baby, and bring along some dough And we'll go honky tonkin', honky tonkin' We'll go honky tonkin', honey baby We'll go honky tonkin' 'round this town.  When you and your baby have a fallin' out Just call me up sweet mama and we'll go steppin' out And we'll go honky tonkin', honky tonkin' We'll go honky tonkin', honey baby We'll go honky tonkin' 'round this town.  We're goin' to the city - to the city fair If you go to the city then you will find me there And we'll go honky tonkin', honky tonkin' We'll go honky tonkin', honey baby We'll go honky tonkin' 'round this town...|Country
georgejones|Settin' the Woods on Fire|Comb your hair and paint and powder, You act proud and I'll act prouder,  You sing loud and I'll sing louder,  Tonight we're settin' the woods on fire,    You're my gal and I'm your feller, Dress up in your frock of yeller, I'll look swell, but you'll look sweller, Settin' the woods on fire.  We'll take in all the honkey tonks, Tonight we're havin' fun; We'll show the folks a brand new dance, That never has been done,  I don't care who thinks we're silly, You be Daffy and I'll be Dilly, We'll order up two bowls of chili, Settin' the woods on fire.  I'll gas up my hot rod stoker, We'll get hotter than a poker, You'll be broke, but I'll be broker, Tonight, we're settin' the woods on fire,  We'll set close to one another, Up one street and down the other, We'll have a time, oh brother, Settin' the woods on fire.  We'll put aside a little time, To fix a flat or two; My tires and tubes are doing fine, But the air is showin' through,  You clap hands and I'll start bowin', We'll do all the law's allowin', Tomorrow I'll be right back plowin', Settin the woods on fire...|Country
georgejones|We're Gonna Hold On|We're gonna hold on  We're gonna hold on  We're gonna hold on to each other   Life can be rough, sometimes it's kind  A real good life is hard to find  But the best love is the one we've known  And the faith we have between us makes it grow   Some love lives and some love don't  We've got the kind of love we want  It brings us happiness all through the day  And nothin' can ever make it go away   We're gonna hold on  We're gonna hold on  We're gonna hold on to each other   Time will tell if you're right or wrong  We know we're right by holdin' on  And the future is set for you and me  Filled with love the way we both want it to be   We're gonna hold on  We're gonna hold on  We're gonna hold on to each other   We're gonna hold on  We're gonna hold (we're gonna) on  We're gonna hold...|Country
georgejones|When True Love Steps In|When I met him he was lonely from a love that went wrong And I helped him to forgive about the life he have known And I gave him the courage to start over again Yes, it's funny how people change when true love steps in.  And when I met her she was looking for a true and good time And when she found out someone cared it changed her ways in her mind And then I asked her to go with me I didn't care where she'd been Ain't it funny how people change when true love steps in.  True love stepped in and I know it will last If we live for tomorrow and forget about the past For the first time in a long time we're happy again Yes, it's funny how people change when true love steps in.  Yes, it's funny how people change when true love steps in...|Country
georgejones|Never Ending Song of Love|I've got a never ending love for you  From now on that's all I wanna do From the first time we met I knew  I'd have a never ending love for you.  After all this time of being alone We can love one another  Feel for each other, from now on Feel so good I can hardly stand it.  Never ending love for you  From now on that's all I wanna do From the first time we met I knew  I'd have a never ending song of love for you.  After all this time of being alone We can love one another  Feel for each other, from now on Feel so good I can hardly stand it.  Never ending love for you  From now on that's all I wanna do From the first time we met I knew  I'd have a never ending song of love for you.  I've got a never ending love for you  From now on that's all I wanna do From the first time we met I knew  I'd have a never ending song of love for you...|Country
georgejones|Wouldn't I|I don't suppose you'd like to come with me and slip away Oh wouldn't I oh wouldn't I But if I woke up in your arms would you still feel this way Oh wouldn't I oh wouldn't I  You wouldn't risk the love you have at home to be with me Oh wouldn't I oh wouldn't I But I know you could outlove her if you and I was free Oh wouldn't I oh wouldn't I  Wouldn't it be great if the fickle hands are fate And just us when we were young and free But somehow it's just not fair yes we've made quite a pair Oh wouldn't we oh wouldn't we|Country
georgejones|Crawdad Song|You get a line and I'll get a pole honey You get line and I'll get a pole babe You get a line I'll get a pole We'll go down to the crawdad hole Honey baby mine  Yonder comes a man with a sack on his back honey Yonder comes a man with a sack on his back babe Yonder comes a man with a sack on his back He's got more crawdads than he could pack Honey baby mine  Man fell down and he burst his sack honey Man fell down and he burst his sack babe Man fell down and he burst his sack You oughta see the crawdad backin' back Honey baby mine  You get I'll get honey You get I'll get babe You get I'll get we'll go Honey baby mine  What you gonna do when the pond's gone dry honey What you gonna do when the pond's gone dry babe What you gonna do when the pond's gone dry Sit on the banks and watch the crawdads die Honey baby mine  You give I'll give honey You give I'll give babe You give I'll give we'll go Honey baby mine  You get a line and I'll get a pole honey...|Country
georgejones|If Loving You Starts Hurting Me|We live on the warm side of sunshine The place that heaven's close to If it's been storming well I'd never noticed I've been too busy just loving you  I'm not saying that someday you'll hurt me For I'm sure that your love won't change But if loving you starts hurting me It will still be worth all the pain  Our garden has only grown roses The fields that we've sawn all are green Am I happy well Lord knows I sure am And my life is like some pretty dream  I'm not saying it may soon be over And loving you will all be in vain But if loving you starts hurting me It will still be worth all the pain  Yes if loving you starts hurting me It will still be worth all the pain|Country
georgejones|As Long as We Can|I never fail to count my blessings when each day is done But I always wait and count you last cause you're my greatest one And I ask God to let me be with you till my life ends Cause I wanna stay here in your arms as long as I can  We're gonna stay here we wanna stay here We're gonna stay in each others arms as long as we can We're gonna live with no regrets Loving each other like the day we met And we're gonna stay in each other's arms as long as we can  I could never ask for love no greater than you share To me I'd find no better love if I search everywhere You'll always be my only love just like it's always been Cause I wanna stay here in your arms as long as I can  We're gonna stay here we wanna stay here... We're gonna stay in each other's arms as long as we can|Country
georgejones|White Lightning|Well in North Carolina way back in the hills me and my old pappy and he had him a still He brewed white lightnin till the sun went down Then he'd fill up a jug and he'd pass it around Mighty mighty pleasin my pappy's corn squeezin (whew white lightnin) Well the G men T men revenoers too searchin for the place where he made his brew They were lookin tryin' to book him but my pappy kept on cookin (Whew white lightnin)  Well I asked my old pappy why he called his brew White lightnin stead of mountain dew I took a little sip and right away I knew And my eyes bugged out and my face turned blue Light has started flashin thunder started krashin (whew white lightnin) Well the G men T men...  Well a city slicker came and he said I'm tough I think I want to taste that powerful stuff He took one slug and he drank it right down I heard him moanin' as he hit the ground Mighty mighty pleasin you'r pappy's corn squeezin (whew white lightnin) Well the G men T men.|Country
georgejones|I'm With the Wrong One|I'm with the wrong one, yes, I know it I'm with the wrong one and I can show it Because I love you but I know you don't seem to care how much I cry If you just knew how much I love you now Just stop your lyin', stop me from cryin' But you don't wanna show your love for me is gone I'm with the wrong one.  I'm with the wrong one but you don't care You don't know the pain I bear I'm just another what can I do I'm someone new to you it's true I love you dearly and so sincerely But you don't wanna be the only one for me Although it hurts me so I have to let you go I'm with the wrong one.  I'm with the wrong one but you don't care You don't know the pain I bear I'm just another what can I do I'm someone new to you it's true I love you dearly and so sincerely But you don't wanna be the only one for me Although it hurts me so I have to let you go I'm with the wrong one.  I'm with the wrong one|Country
georgejones|That's the Way I Feel|If you ever feel unwanted Kicked around so much you're taunted Hearts cry's out with so much pain Well, that's the way I feel.  Love someone and love her dearly Hope these words she didn't hear me Left me here heartsick and lonely That's the way I feel.  A cry would do no good I used to think it would But the more I thought The more I believe is what I'll do.  Let your feeling have it's day Maybe it will go away Maybe I will find another That's the way I feel.  Can't let heartbreak over come me Just because that's the way she done me. I'll forget she ever loved her That's the way I feel  If you ever get the notion That you're drowning in an ocean Of the tears that you are crying That's the way I feel.  Crying just because your lonely Crying cause your one and only 'Cause she loves somebody better That's the way I feel.  A cry would do no good I used to think it would But the more I thought The more I believe is what I'll do.  Let this feeling have it's day Maybe it will go away Maybe I will find another That's the way I feel.  Can't let heartbreak over come me Just because that's the way she done me. I'll forget she ever loved her That's the way I feel|Country
georgejones|Life to Go|I've got a sad, sad story friends, that I I don't like to tell I had a home and family, when they locked me in this cell I've been in here eighteen years that's a long time I know But time don't mean a thing to me 'cause I've got life to go.  I went one night where the lights were bright to see what I could see I met up with an old friend there, who's thought the world of me He brought me drinks and he took me to every honky tonk in town But words were said and now he's dead, I just had to bring him down.  It has been a long time now since I've heard from my wife I guess I'd be there with her yet if I hadn't used the knife I'll bet that little girl of mine don't realize or know Her daddy's been here eighteen years and still got life to go.  I'll bet there's not one man outside that's spent this long in jail I'll be here in this prison till my body's just a shell I can't be free to go and see the ones that I love so Yes, I've been in here eighteen years I've still got life to go.  Yes, I've still got life to go. Yes, I've still got life to go...|Country
georgejones|Don't Do This to Me|I've tried hard in pleasin', you tell me youre leavin' I must know the reason, don't do this to me My loves like a flower that grows every hour It's my only power, don't do this to me.  Don't squeeze it, don't leave it, why don't you believe it It's made you, it's pleased you, but say don't you see You're free to abuse it, yes, you can accuse it But please don't excuse it, don't do this to me.  Don't treat me so wrongly for I love you only Don't leave me so lonely, don't do this to me Cause I love you honey, much more than all money Don't think that it's funny, don't do this to me.  Don't squeeze it, don't leave it, why don't you believe it It's made you, it's pleased you, but say don't you see You're free to abuse it, yes, you can accuse it But please don't excuse it, don't do this to me.  Don't breathe it, don't leave it, why don't you believe it It's made you, it's pleased you, but say don't you see You're free to abuse it, yes, you can accuse it But please don't excuse it, don't do this to me|Country
georgejones|Give Away Girl|Not long ago while dancin' Our eyes by chance did meet Though you were with your boyfriend You swept me off my feet.  So foolishly as I cut in To hope for new romance I hardly had you in my arms When someone sought your glance.  Your just a giveaway, giveaway, giveaway girl You're careless with your charms Just like a giveaway, giveaway, giveaway girl You'll never get in anyone's arms.  You're everybody's sweetheart You never stick to one You'll play the field forever As long as you have fun.  You'll take almost and bandit You love variety Whoever might be handy You'll fall for stupidly.  Your just a giveaway, giveaway, giveaway girl You're careless with your charms Just like a giveaway, giveaway, giveaway girl You'll never get in anyone's arms.  You give your kisses freely You throw your heart away You never stopped to think That someday you will have to pay.  But by the time you wake up You're best days will be gone The sweetest words that you will hear Will be, please leave me along.  Your just a giveaway, giveaway, giveaway girl You're careless with your charms Just like a giveaway, giveaway, giveaway girl You'll never get in anyone's arms.  Your just a giveaway, giveaway, giveaway girl You're careless with your charms Just like a giveaway, giveaway, giveaway girl You'll never get in anyone's arms.  You're just a giveaway, giveaway, giveaway, giveaway Giveaway, giveaway, giveaway, giveaway|Country
georgejones|Nothing Can Stop Me|I gotta get up I gotta get goin' rain or shine sleetin' or snowin' Nothing can stop me stop me stop my loving you Run through woods climb a high mountain Love's in my heart like waters in a fountain Nothing can stop me stop me stop my loving you  Cross the fire walk through river you'll be the taker and I'll be the giver I'll give you lovin' lovin' honey that's what I'll do Build a big wall I'd tear into pieces I gotta get to your love and kisses Nothing can stop me stop me stop my loving you  I can't stop praisin' the day I found you I'd walk a hundred miles just to be around you Nothing can stop me stop me stop my loving you Nothing at all, nothing in the world, can make me stop wantin' you for my girlfriend Nothing can stop me stop me stop my loving you  Cross the fire walk through river you'll be the taker and I'll be the giver I'll give you lovin' lovin' honey that's what I'll do I can't stop praisin' the day I found you I'd walk a hundred miles just to be around you Nothing can stop me stop me stop my loving you  I'll walk through woods climb a high mountain Love's in my heart like waters in a fountain Nothing can stop me stop me stop my loving you Build a big wall I'd tear into pieces I gotta get to your love and kisses Nothing can stop me stop me stop my loving you|Country
georgejones|Brothers of a Bottle|Bartender come over here I want to buy the next round of beer Boys name your poison, don't nobody pass We're all brother of a bottle an' glass.  The happiest moment that I've ever known Was the day that she told me she would be my own But the bluest moment that ever could be When she said she loved someone much better than me.  Bartender come over here I want to buy the next round of beer Boys name your poison, don't nobody pass We're all brother of a bottle an' glass.  Well, I once had a buddy as fine as could be We trusted each other completely you see Well, then I betrayed him just like any wretch No onew but a woman could make you do that.  Bartender come over here I want to buy the next round of beer Boys name your poison, don't nobody pass We're all brother of a bottle an' glass.  When God made man I guess this made him sad For now they're all good and none are all bad Then he made woman to cheat and deceive There's been hell ever since the snake tempted Eve.  Bartender come over here I want to buy the next round of beer Boys name your poison, don't nobody pass We're all brother of a bottle an' glass...|Country
georgejones|Where We'll Never Grow Old|I have heard of a land on the far away strand 'Tis a beautiful home of the soul Built by Jesus on high, where we never shall die 'Tis a land where we never grow old.  Never grow old, never grow old In a land where we'll never grow old Never grow old, never grow old In a land where we'll never grow old.  When our work here is done and the life crown is won And out troubles and trials are o'er All our sorrows will end and our voices will blend With the loved ones who've gone on before  Never grow old, never grow old In a land where we'll never grow old Never grow old, never grow old In a land where we'll never grow old...|Country
georgejones|You've Become My Everything|It wasn't long ago when I first met you But it didn't take me long to want you near And the short time that I known you I grown to love you And I can't stand the thought that you're not here.  Why, oh why why, did you do it You made me become someone which I'm shamed Why, oh why, why did you do it Why you've become my everything.  The beginning of each day I'm a new man but by noon I begin to feel the fall And by night I know I just got to have you and I know that I must answer to your call.  Why, oh why why, did you do it You made me become someone which I'm shamed Why, oh why, why did you do it Why you've become my everything...|Country
georgejones|In a Gospel Way|We all got together on a sawdust floor God was there, you couldn't ask for more We all fell in love last night in a gospel way I love to hear my mama sing and shout And tell how the Lord has helped her out We all fell in love together in a gospel way We all got together there under a tent And listened to the man that Jesus sent For God put in his mouth these words to say Don't you know the Bible plainly tell A real true christian won't go to hell If we all fall in love together in a gospel way He's one true friend that won't let you down You better be ready when he comes around Let's all fall in love together in a gospel way I've heard some people curse his precious name But we all know God stays the same Let's all get a little bit closer in a gospel way Let's all get together on a sawdust floor God is there, you can't ask for more Let's all fall in love tonight in a gospel way I love to hear my mama sing and shout And tell how the Lord has helped her out We all fell in love together in a gospel way Let's all fall in love together in a gospel way Let's all fall in love together in a gospel way And we'll all get to heaven together in a gospel way...|Country
georgejones|Why Me, Lord?|Why Me Lord Why me Lord?  What have I ever done To deserve even one Of the pleasures I've known Tell me Lord. What did I ever do That was worth loving you Or the kindness you've shown.  Lord, help me Jesus, I've wasted it So help me Jesus I know what I am. Now that I know That I've needed you So help me Jesus, My soul's in your hands.  Why me Lord? If you think there's a way I can try to repay All I've taken from you Maybe Lord. I can show someone else What I've been through myself On my way back to you.  Lord, help me Jesus, I've wasted it So help me Jesus I know what I am. Now that I know That I've needed you So help me Jesus, My soul's in your hands.  Lord, help me Jesus, I've wasted it So help me Jesus I know what I am Now that I know That I've need you So help me Jesus, My soul's in your hands.  Jesus, my soul's in your hands...|Country
georgejones|A Man I Always Wanted to Meet|I was thrilled to death, the day that Babe Ruth signed my baseball bat I always remember that, the greatest one of all When I was out in Hollywood, John Wayne tipped his cowboy hat And when I got his autograph, I felt ten feet tall  I met the great Hank Williams one night, backstage at the Opy House He look down and grinned when I said, "I'm your biggest fan" And I was there the day when J.F.K. rode into Dallas I walked up to the limousine and shook his mighty hand  I've met the famous and I've met the best But there one man I've never met that outshines all the rest And He's one man I always wanted to meet He is the King of Kings and He's the Prince of peace  If I ever get the chance I'll fall down at His feet He's one man I always wanted to meet Jesus is the man I always wanted to meet|Country
georgejones|The Baptism of Jesse Taylor|They baptized Jesse Taylor in Cedar Creek last Sunday Jesus gained a soul and Satan lost a good right arm They all cried hallelujah when Jesse's head went under 'Cause this time he went under for the Lord.  Among the local taverns there'll be a slack in business Cause Jesse's drinking came before the groceries and the rent Among the local women there'll be a slack in cheatin' 'Cause Jesse won't be steppin' out again.  The scars on Jesse's knuckles were more than just respected The county courthouse records tell all there is to tell The pockets of the gamblers will soon miss Jesse's money And the black eye of the law will soon be well.  They baptized Jesse Taylor in Cedar Creek last Sunday Jesus gained a soul and Satan lost a good right arm They all cried hallelujah when Jesse's head went under 'Cause this time he went under for the Lord.  From now old Nancy Taylor can proudly speak to neighbors And tell them how much Jesse hooked up with little Jim Now Jimmy's got a daddy and Jesse's got a family And Franklin County's got a lot more man.  They baptized Jesse Taylor in Cedar Creek last Sunday Jesus gained a soul and Satan lost a good right arm They all cried hallelujah when Jesse's head went under 'Cause this time he went under for the Lord.  They baptized Jesse Taylor in Cedar Creek last Sunday Jesus gained a soul and Satan lost a good right arm They all cried hallelujah ...|Country
georgejones|Amazing Grace|Amazing grace, how sweet the sound,     That saved a wretch like me. I once was lost but now I'm found, Was blind, but now, I see.  Was grace that taught my heart to fear. And grace, my fears relieved. How precious did that grace appear The hour I first believed.  Through many dangers, toils and snares. I have already come. Is grace that brought us safe thus far. And grace will lead me home.  When we've been back ten thousand years. Bright shining as the sun. We've no less days to sing God's praise. Then when we've first begun.  Then when we've first begun...|Country
georgejones|Mama's Hands|My daddy's hands held Three's and Two's while mom's were holding me And daddy's hands lost everything to a hand of Kings and Three's And daddy's hands they shook so bad that he turned to wine But mama's hands were strong and calm as they held on to mine  Yes mama's hands held on to mine to guide me day and night And it took the scheme of mama's hands to teach me wrong from right When times were bad and money's slim she'd fold her hands in fray Ands somehow she would make the food hold out another day  Now mama's hands they tremble when she prays But her voice is strong as she thanks God for the bygone days She looks at me and then she smiles she knows I understand That everything I am today I owe to mama's hands Everything I am today I owe to mama's hands|Country
georgejones|God Keeps the Wild Flowers Blooming|I been working all day long on some old forgotten place A place where mom and papa rest beneath the cold cold clay Though the tears may fill my eyes there's a smile upon my face I see God remembered mom and daddy put flowers on their grave  And there's wild flowers blooming on mom and papa's graves There's no tame ones ever brought here anymore For the family they've all gone I've been in prison much too long But God keeps the wild flowers blooming on mom and papa's grave  You know I still remember just as though it was only yesterday All the hell that my mom and dad went through to live on from day to day But the love they both gave us oh it was surely heaven sent And all the heartaches that I know I've caused 'em God knows I'll always regret  And there's wild flowers blooming|Country
georgejones|Mama Was a Preacher Man|Mama was a preacher man, mama was God's right hand  I remember when daddy died, he said the Lord was by his side With his last breath he said, "I'm going to the promised land" That's when mama told us all that she had heard the call And mama would be a preacher man  Far as I can remember back, mama was a woman that dressed in black With the soul filled full of gospel and the Bible in her hand She would go from town to town spreading God's word all around Yes, mama was a real strong preacher man  Mama was a preacher man, mama was God's right hand Mama really knew just how to reach way out Mama was a preacher man, mama was God's right hand Mama knew what the holy word was all around  I sit there on the very first row as she pleaded to lost souls Telling them about Jesus there in the holy land Although mama past away, she still lives on today Yes, mama was an old time preacher man  Mama was a preacher man, mama was God's right hand Mama really knew just how to reach way out Mama was a preacher man, mama was God's right hand Mama knew what the holy word was all around Mama was a preacher man|Country
georgejones|I Can't Find It Here|You know that I'm a humble man, Lord And I try just as hard as I can, Lord I search this life for joy but mostly I found grief So leave me home for I can't find it here Leave me home for I can't find it here Everything I've ever wanted always disappeared Take my hand and with your hand dry my tear And leave me home for I can't find it here For all my plans and schemes have called on me For a simple man there's not much else for me to be And you've done your share Lord but I'm just weak and full of fear So leave me home for I can't find it here Leave me home for I can't find it here Everything I've ever wanted always disappeared Take my hand and with your hand dry my tear And leave me home for I can't find it here Leave me home for I can't find it here...|Country
georgejones|He Stopped Loving Her Today|He said, "I'll love you till I die" She told him, "You'll forget in time" As the years went slowly by She still preyed upon his mind  He kept her picture on his wall Went half-crazy, now and then He still loved her through it all Hoping she'd come back again  Kept some letters by his bed Dated 1962 He had underlined in red Every single 'I love you'  I went to see him just today Oh, but I didn't see no tears All dressed up to go away First time I'd seen him smile in years  He stopped loving her today They placed a wreath upon his door And soon they'll carry him away He stopped loving her today  You know, she came to see him one last time Oh, and we all wondered if she would And it kept running through my mind This time he's over her for good  He stopped loving her today They placed a wreath upon his door And soon they'll carry him away He stopped loving her today|Country
georgejones|I've Aged Twenty Years in Five|As I look in the mirror this morning On some dirty old restroom wall It took a while to realize it's really me there inside 'Cause I've aged twenty years in five.  I recall when I looked much younger And it wasn't so long ago But one night of drinking to four nights of wine And you'll age twenty years in five.  I've aged twenty years in five I've seen the dark side of life From a mansion on a hill To straight whiskey from a still And you'll age twenty years in five.   Before the bottle I played my music On the road with a five piece band And with the pressures of the game I drank up fortune and fame And I aged twenty year in five.  Oh, but I'll change this way I've been living Or I'll be gone before my time I'll climb back to the top And with my friends I won't stop Till I erase twenty years in five. Yes, I'll erase twenty years in five...|Country
georgejones|Brother to the Blues|You and I don't need an introduction Neither one of us has that much to lose 'Cause you're just a sister to satisfaction And I'm just a brother to the blues  Now I don't have to tell you nights are lonely There's a hunger in our eyes that tells the news And you're just a sister to satisfaction And I'm just a brother to the blues  It's hard to tell exactly which direction We might go at any given time It's just a constant search for affection And we need all the comfort we can find  I know you can feel this attraction From a night of love that both of us could use 'Cause you're just a sister to satisfaction And I'm just a brother to the blues  Yes, you're just a sister to satisfaction And I'm just a brother to the blues...|Country
georgejones|I'm Not Ready Yet|I've always said someday I was gonna leave you. Some April when all the land is wet. Some spring, summer, fall or maybe winter. I'll leave someday but I'm not ready yet.  I know I should of left the day  I knew your love was dyeing. But I passed up every date  That I ever set.   But I know I'll leave  When my heart tells me it's ready. But I'm still around, but I'm not ready yet.  Yah know I must have left you  a hundred times but you don't know that.   'Cause I was afraid you'd laugh  when you found out just how far I'd get. But you didn't, and you don't. I know you ain't gonna ever.   And someday I'll go, but I'm not ready yet.  I know I should of left the day  I knew your love was dyeing. But I passed up every date  That I ever set.   But I know I'll leave  When my heart tells me Lord willing But I'm still around, but I'm not ready yet. But I'm still around, 'Cause I'm not ready yet.|Country
georgejones|I'm the One She Missed Him With Today|Tonight when they lay down without a migrain And he'll massage her neck when you were away She'll tell him how she missed him all day long But I'm the one she'll miss him with today.  She'll call him up at work to make sure he's still there So we won't have to worry and we don't have to care Looks like he's losing her, it's on it's way 'Cause I'm the one she'll miss him with today.  When they wake up at dawn she's always skeepin' She let's him know his passion passed away She tells him how she'll miss him when he's leaving Oh, but I'm the one she'll miss him with today.  She'll call him up at work to make sure he's still there So we won't have to worry and we don't have to care Looks like he's losing her, it's on it's way 'Cause I'm the one she'll miss him with today.  Looks like he's losing her, it's on it's way 'Cause I'm the one she'll miss him with today|Country
georgejones|Good Hearted Woman|A long time forgotten Are dreams that just fell by the way And the good life he promised Ain't what she's livin' today  But she never complains of bad times Or the bad things he's done, no She just talks about the good times they've had And all the good times to come  She's a good hearted woman In love with a good timin' man She loves him in spite of his ways That she don't understand  Through teardrops and laughter They'll pass through this world hand in hand She's a good hearted woman Lovin' her good timin' man  Oh, he likes the night life, the bright lights And good timin' friends When the party's all over She'll welcome him back home again  Lord knows she don't understand him But does the best she can 'Cause she's a good hearted woman She loves her good timin' man  She's a good hearted woman In love with a good timin' man She loves him in spite of his ways That she don't understand  Through teardrops and laughter They'll pass through this world hand in hand She's a good hearted woman Lovin' her good timin' man  Oh, she's a good hearted woman In love with a good timin' man She loves him in spite of his wicked <i>[?]</i> ways She don't understand  Through teardrops and laughter They'll pass through this world hand in hand Yeah, she's a good hearted woman|Country
georgejones|A Hard Act to Follow|I can see you're advertising Cause you keep giving me the eye It won't take long to tell you in my song I wanna be with you tonight I've been badly needing bookings And you're the best contact I've known And I'm gonna be a hard act to follow If you keep a-coming-on  I'm gonna be a hard act to follow Since you have set the stage Take me in, unlock the door And let the tiger out of his cage I don't need no dress rehearsal  Cause my heart don't beat that strong But I'm gonna be a hard act to follow If you keep a-coming-on  Well the introductions over We've got our hearts in tune Let me know before we start the show Am I falling in love too soon I've got a heart 'bout as big as Texas About the size of the Astrodome And I'm gonna be a hard act to follow If you keep a-coming-on|Country
georgejones|Bone Dry|Baby wants me to go cold turkey, bone dry No Jack Daniels, no Jim Beam whiskey, bone dry No stoppin' after work for a beer with the guys Nothin' in the mornin' to open my eyes It's hard comin' down from a permanent high, bone dry  I got my doubts if I can make it, a bone dry It's a crazy world I don't know if I can take it, a bone dry It's only been an hour, I'm startin' to shake Sixty more minutes and I know I'll break How much more of this hell can I take? Bone dry  Well, bone dry, boy, am I dry as a bone? How'd I ever say I'd ever leave it alone? Break down, shake down layin' in bed Covers are soaked and I'm damn near dead and I'm bone dry  Baby took a look at her cold turkey, bone dry I tried to smile but my mouth wasn't working I was bone dry This is one promise that I'm gonna keep Unless I get lucky and die in my sleep One way or the other I'm gonna be bone dry  Well, bone dry, boy, am I dry as a bone? How'd I ever say I'd ever leave it alone? Break down, shake down layin' in bed Covers are soaked and I'm damn near dead Bone dry, bone dry, bone dry, bone dry|Country
georgejones|What My Woman Can't Do|(What my woman can't do, can't be done)  It amazes me how she can change my mind When it seems to be impossible, she can do it every time And the way she's always loves me, she's got that down perfect too I keep asking myself what is it the lady can't do'  She brightens any room she walks inside And the way she comes in smiling you'd never think she ever cries She still looks as young and pretty as she did the day we met If there is one thing bad about her, I ain't found it yet.  What it is my woman can't do, can't be done If there's ever been a darling, I've got one She beats all I've ever seen, she's the champion of our team What my woman can't do, can't be done.  What my woman can't do, can't be done|Country
georgejones|Once You've Had the Best|I'm so glad to have you back within these arms of mine I can finally close my eyes and get some rest Never once did I think of finding someone new 'Cause there's nothing better once you've had the best  You're the very thing they sing about in love songs And one mistake don't mean you've failed the test And as you lay beside me softly sleeping, this I know There's nothing better once you've had the best  Within your arms I've had the best and I think the world should know I don't care what you've said or done I'll always love you so You've got more love in your little finger than all the rest And there's nothing better once you've had the best No there's nothing better once you've had the best|Country
georgejones|Old King Kong|Well old King Kong was a hell of'va gorilla He stood four stories tall They shot him with missles from aeroplanes But he refused to fall With Faye Ray in the palm of his hand He'll walk right over the world 'Cause just like me he would do anything  Just to keep his girl  Yeah, old King Kong was just a little monkey Compared to my love for you If you treat right, every night And to do what you wanted to I said it's bigger than both of us And now you know it's true Old King Kong was just a little monkey Compared to my love for you  Now when King Kong met Godzilla He made that lizard crawl It wasn't until he put his woman down That she saw those big tears fall And when you're walking next to me I swear I can fill his shoes Old King Kong was just a litttle monkey Compared to my love for you  Yeah, old King Kong was just a little monkey Compared to my love for you If you treat right, every night And to do what you wanted to I said it's bigger than both of us And now you know it's true Old King Kong was just a little monkey Compared to my love for you  Old King Kong was just a litttle monkey Compared to my love for you...|Country
georgejones|I'll Just Take It Out in Love|I gave you love when you were lonely And I gave you strength when times were bad I've been a daddy to your children And I've dried your tears when you were sad  But darling you don't need to thank me Having you is thanks enough And if there's anything you owe me Darling, I'll just take it out in love  I've been your friend when you were troubled And I've stood by you when things went wrong I've picked you up each time you stumbled When you were weak then I was strong  But darling, you don't need to thank me Having you is thanks enough And if there's anything you owe me I'll just take it out in love Darling, I'll just take it out in love|Country
georgejones|Someday My Day Will Come|Someday my day will come and I won't need a thing at all Yes I can stand proud and tall and say just what I feel Someday my day will come when dreams become reality I'll be the one I want to be someday my day will come  It's a tiring path we travel through For each step I take Lord I'm set back two We all have roles in life to play And I'll play a great one someday  Someday my day will come I'll hold true love right in my hand I'll touch the pretty rainbow's end and my cup will overflow Someday my day will come I'll watch my ship as it comes in My castles won't be made of sand someday my day will come I'll hold true love right in my hand someday my day will come|Country
georgejones|The Grand Tour|Step right up, come on in If you'd like to take the grand tour Of a lonely house that once was home sweet home I have nothing here to sell you, Just some things that I will tell you Some things I know will chill you to the bone.  Over there, sits the chair Where she'd bring the paper to me And sit down on my knee And whisper oh, I love you But now she's gone forever And this old house will never Be the same without the love That we once knew.  Straight ahead, that's the bed Where we'd lay in love together And Lord knows we had a good thing going here See her picture on the table Don't it look like she'd be able Just to touch me and say good morning dear.  There's her rings, all her things And her clothes are in the closet Like she left them When she tore my world apart.  As you leave you'll see the nursery,  Oh, she left me without mercy Taking nothing but Our baby and my heart.  Step right up, come on in...|Country
georgejones|The Door|I've heard the sound of my dear old mama crying  And the sound of the train that took me off to war  The awful sound of a thousand bombs exploding  And I wondered if I could take it anymore   There were times when they almost drove me crazy  But I did my best and took it like a man  And who would think in my lonely room I'd hear it  The one sound in the world my heart can't stand   To hear that sound and to know its really over  Through tear stained eyes I watched her walk away  And of earthquakes, storms and guns and war  Lord, nothing has ever hurt me more than that lonely sound  The closing of the door   And of earthquakes, storms and guns and war  Lord, nothing ever hurt me more than that lonely sound  The closing of the door...|Country
georgejones|Memories of Us|The old man has sold his apples Isn't there any more And the city square don't seem as big As it did before.  They tore down that old drug store We used to love so much But everything is still the same In my memories of us.  That old school bus has long stopped runnin' And I heard the driver died And the movie house is all boarded up Where we set side by side.  And the sign that said 'State Champions' It's covered up with dust But everything it's still the same In my memories of us.  In my memories of us Things are still the same For yesterdays is something Tomorrows can not change.  Where freckles just don't disappear Ands pigtails never rust And everything it's still the same In my memories of us.  My memories of us...|Country
georgejones|The Battle|Dawn breaks on the battlefield And all the morning mist lays heavy on the ground And the silence is like thunder As the enemy prepares another round  And her soft satin armor Lying on the far side of the bed Wounded and heart broken And scarred by the killing words I said  I have no rules in battle So I fired the guns of anger once again Oh, she is such a little thing And there is no doubt about it, I can win  But with teardrops as her weapon She easily destroys my battle plan And then shamefully retreading I smile at her and then she takes command  Girl, what a sweet surrender I'm captured by two lips so warm and tender She completely surrounds me with her loving moans again It was love that brought the battle to an end Now the enemies are lovers once again|Country
georgejones|Still Doin' Time|Has it been a year, since the last time I've seen her My God, I could swear it was ten And the ocean of liquor I drank to forget her Is gonna kill me but I'll drink 'til then  I've been living in hell with a bar for a cell Still paying for my cheating crime Oh, And I've got a long way to go Still doin' time  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Still doin' time In a honky tonk prison Still doin' time Where a man ain't forgiven My poor heart is breaking But there's no escaping Each morning I wake up and I find Still doin' time  Oh when your caught me cheating twice It's twenty to life in a place Where the sun never shines And tomorrow you're gonna find me right here Still doin' time  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Still doin' time In a honky tonk prison Still doin' time Where a man ain't forgiven My poor heart is breaking But there's no escaping Each morning I wake up and I find Still doin' time  Still doin' time...|Country
georgejones|Same Ole Me|With time my face has wrinkled  But my blue eyes still sparkle With the love I felt for you the day we met And to me you're just as lovely  As the first time I saw you Times have changed but our love hasn't yet  I'm still the same ol' me  Loving the same sweet you Time, hasn't withered our hearts And when our days are through  I'll still be loving you Even death can't keep us apart  And these hands that once were steady  Have now begun to tremble But when they touch you  The same old feelings there And your smile is still as special  As it was the day we married Years haven't changed the love we share  I'm still the same ol' me  Loving the same sweet you Time, hasn't withered our hearts And when our days are through  I'll still be loving you Even death can't keep us apart  I'm still the same ol' me  Loving the same sweet you....|Country
georgejones|Why, Baby, Why|Tell me why baby, why baby, why baby, why You make me cry baby, cry baby, cry baby, cry I can't help but love you 'til the day that I die So tell me, why baby, why baby, why baby, why  Well I got a crow I wanna pick with you Just like last time when the feathers flew You're runnin' wild kickin' up your heels A leavin' me home with a hand full of bills  Well, I can't live without you and you know it's true But there's no livin' with you so what'll I do I'm goin' honky tonkin', get as tight as I can And maybe by then you'll 'preciate a good man  Tell me why baby, why baby, why baby, why You make me cry baby, cry baby, cry baby, cry  I can't help but love you 'til the day that I die So tell me why baby, why baby, why baby, why  Well, now I don't know, but I've heard say That ever' little dog is a gonna have his day You'd better pay attention, don't you dare forget 'Cause I'm just a little bitty puppy. yet  Yeah, I caught you honky tonkin' with my best friend The thing to do was leave you, but I should'a left then Now I'm too old to leave you, but I still get sore When you come home a feelin' for the knob on the door  Tell me why baby, why baby, why baby, why You make me cry baby, cry baby, cry baby, cry I can't help but love you 'til the day that I die So tell me, why baby, why baby, why baby, why...|Country
georgejones|Color of the Blues|Up above me are the sky Like the twinkle in your eyes These things are the color of a blue.  In the mail your letter came Sayin' you can take the looks the same? Blue must be the color of the blues.  Bluebirds sitting in the tree Seems to sypathize with me For he's not singin' like he used to do.  The pretty waters in the sink Feel as cold as you left me Yes, blue must be the color of the blues.  There's a rainbow overhead With more blue than gold and red Blue must be the color angels chose.  A blue dress you proudly wore When you left to return no more Blue must be the color of the blues.  Blue days come and blue days go How I feel nobody knows Life is mighty empty without you.  There's a blue note in each song That I sing since you're gone Yes blue must be the color of the blues...|Country
georgejones|Who Shot Sam|Well, I met Sammy Samson down in New Orleans He had a lot of money and a big limousine He took us honky-tonkin' on a Saturday night We met Silly Milly, everything was all right Her eyes started rollin', we should a-went a-bowlin' Wham-bam, who shot Sam, my-my.  Well, Sam and Silly Milly, about a quarter to four Was rompin' and a-stompin' on the hardwood floor Along came Flirty Mirty bargin' in on the fun Silly Milly got jealous and she pulled out a gun Tables started crashin', fourty-four's a-flashin' Wham-bam, who shot Sam, my-my.  Well, the police, fire chief, highway patrol Knockin' down the front door with a big long pole Sammy was a lyin' on the cold-cold floor Shot through the middle with a fourty-four Milly was a-cryin', Sam was surely dyin' Wham-bam, who shot Sam, my-my.  Well, they took Silly Milly to the jail down town Booked Silly Milly for a-shootin' old Sam The judge he gave her twenty, Milly said that's a lot You shouldn't give me nothing, he was already half shot A-drinkin' white lightnin' started all the fightin' Wham-bam, who shot Sam, my-my.  Well, the police, fire chief, highway patrol Knockin' down the front door with a big long pole Sammy was a lyin' on the cold-cold floor Shot through the middle with a fourty-four Milly was a-cryin', Sam was surely dyin' Wham-bam, who shot Sam, my-my...|Country
georgejones|Love Bug|Well, I was ruling the roost, had all the chicks to myself.  And suddenly it happened, that funny little feeling I felt.  Well, I tried to outrun it, but it finally caught up with me.  Tell me how can I run from something that I can't see?   Oh, that little bitty teeny weeny thing they call the lovebug.  Nobody's ever seen it, but it's got the whole world shook up.  It all started with a little bitty kiss and a hug.  It's a little bitty teeny weeny thing they call the lovebug.   Well, I always thought that I had me a pretty good style,  But I lost that race by a good old country mile.  Yeah, I was walking all around  With my head held way up high,  And it fooled me, hit me, really took me by surprise.   Oh, that little bitty teeny weeny thing they call the lovebug.  Nobody's ever seen it, but it's got the whole world shook up.  It all started with a little bitty kiss and a hug.  It's a little bitty teeny weeny thing they call the lovebug.   Yes, a little bitty teeny weeny thing they call the lovebug...|Country
georgejones|Walk Through This World With Me|Walk through this world with me,  Go where I go Share all my my dreams with me, I need you so In life we search and some of us find I've looked for you a long, long time.  And now that I've found you,  New horizons I see Come take my hand  And walk through this world with me.  Walk through this world with me,  Go where I go Share all my dreams with me,  I searched for you so.  And now that I've found you,  New horizons I see Come take my hand,  And walk through this world with me.  Come take my hand,  And walk through this world with me...|Country
georgejones|If My Heart Had Windows|If my heart had windows You'd see a heart Full of love just for you.  A tear may appear When I hold you near But that's for the the few Things you do If my heart had windows You'd see a heart Full of love just for you.  By youir side I will stay Till we're old and gray Well, I miss those  Young  moments we knew If my heart had windows You'd see a heart Full of love just for you.  A theif couldn't steal The love that I feel Heaven for me has come true If my heart had windows You'd see a heart Full of love just for you.  If my heart had windows You'd see a heart Full of love just for you...|Country
georgejones|A Good Year for the Roses|I can hardly bear the sight of lipstick On the cigarettes there in the ashtray Lyin' cold the way you left them At least your lips caressed them  While you packed  And a lip print on a half filled cup of coffee That you poured and didn't drink But at least you thought you wanted it That's so much more than I can say for me  But what a good year for the roses Many blooms still linger there The lawn could stand another mowin' It's funny, I don't even care And when you turned and walked away And as the door behind you closes  The only thing I know to say It's been a good year for the roses   After three full years of marriage It's the first time that you   Haven't made the bed I guess the reason we're not talkin' There's so little left to say We haven't said While a million thoughts Go runnin' through my mind I find I haven't spoke a word And from the bedroom those familiar sounds of our one baby's cryin' Goes unheard  But what a good year for the roses Many blooms still linger there The lawn could stand another mowin' It's funny, I don't even care And when you turned and walked away And as the door behind you closes  The only thing I know to say It's been a good year for the roses|Country
georgejones|The Ceremony|Dearly beloved, we are gathered together, In the presence of God, and these witnesses, To join this man and this woman in the bonds, Of holy matrimony  Do you Tammy, take this man, George To be your lawfully wedded husband, To love and to cherish until death do you part?  I'll take this man and by him I'll stand I promise that we'll never part To him, I'll be true There'll be no one new From now, till death do us part  And do you, George, take this woman, Tammy To be your lawfully wedded wife, To love and to cherish, until death do you part?  Yes I'll take this woman She'll be mine forever And I'll love her, with all of my heart  To have and to hold My love won't grow cold I promise, till death do us part  We'll take each other From this day forward Together, in sickness or health  United with love We'll face life together If we're poor or if we have wealth  For better or worst You'll always come first And no one can keep us apart  Yes, we take each other Forsaking all others Together, till death do us part  I now pronounce you, man and wife.|Country
georgejones|Golden Ring|In a pawn shop in Chicago  On a sunny summer day A couple gazes at the  Wedding rings there on display She smiles and nods her head  As he says Honey that's for you It's not much but it's the best that I can do  Golden ring with one tiny little stone  Waiting there for someone to take it home By itself it's just a cold metalic thing Only love can make a golden wedding ring.    In a little wedding chapel  Later on that after noon An old up right piano  Plays that old familiar tune Tears roll down her cheeks  And happy thoughts run through her head As he whispers low with this ring I thee wed  Golden ring with one tiny little stone  Shining ring now at last it's found a home By itself it's just a cold metalic thing Only love can make a golden wedding ring  In a small two room apartment  As they fight their final round He says tou won't admit it  But I know you're leavin' town She says One thing's for certain  I don't love you anymore And throws down the ring  As she walks out the door  Golden ring with one tiny little stone  Cast aside like the love that's dead and gone By itself it's just a cold metalic thing Only love can make a golden wedding ring  In a pawn shop in Chicago  On a sunny summer day A couple gazes at the  Wedding rings there on display  Golden ring...|Country
georgejones|Her Name Is|Oh, I love her and just can't live without her And I've got the urge to tell the world about her But our love's a secret and can't see the light of day But I went and wrote this love song anyway  Her name is, her eyes are Her hair is just like, and she measures But someday I'll fill in the lines when she and I are free And we'll walk in the sunshine and me  Oh, it really is a scandal and disgrace To have to call your woman what's-her-face But her husband thinks he owns her heart and soul for life And he'll kill the man who messes with his wife  Her name is, her eyes are Her hair is just like, and she measures But someday I'll fill in the lines when she and I are free And we'll walk in the sunshine and me  Yes, someday I'll fill in the lines when she and I are free And we'll walk in the sunshine and me  Her name is|Country
georgejones|Near You|There's just one place for me Near you It's like heaven to be Near you  Times when we're apart And I can't face my heart Say you'll never stray More than just two lips away   If my hours could be spent Near you I'd be more than content Near you  Make my life worth while By telling me that I'll Spend the rest of my days Near you  Near you  Near you  Make my life worth while By telling me that I'll Spend the rest of my days Near you  Spend the rest of my days Near you...|Country
georgejones|Bartender's Blues|Well, I'm just a bartender And I don't like my work But I don't mind the money at all I've seen lots of sad faces And lots of bad cases Of folks with their backs to the wall  <i>[Chorus:]</i> But I got four walls around me, to hold my life To keep me from going astray And a honky tonk angel, to hold me tight To keep me from slipping away  Well I can light up your smokes I can laugh at your jokes I can watch you fall down on your knees I can close down this bar Oh and gas up my car And I can pack up and mail in my keys  <i>[Chorus:]</i> But I got four walls around me, to hold my life To keep me from going astray And a honky tonk angel, to hold me tight To keep me from slipping away  Now the smoke fills the air Of this honky tonk bar And I'm thinkin' bout where I'd rather be But I burned all my bridges And I sunk all my ships And I'm stranded at the edge of the sea  <i>[Chorus:]</i> But I got four walls around me, to hold my life To keep me from going astray And a honky tonk angel, to hold me tight To keep me from slipping away...|Country
georgejones|Maybellene|Oh Maybellene, why can't you be true  Oh Maybellene, why can't you be true You've started back doin'  The things you used to do  As I was motivatin' over the hill  I saw Maybellene in a Coupe DeVille Cadillac rollin' on an open road  But nothin' outrun my V8 Ford Cadillac doin' about ninety-five  Bumper to bumper, rollin' side to side  Oh Maybellene, why can't you be true  Oh Maybellene, why can't you be true You've started back doin'  The things you used to do  Well, the Cadillac pulled up ahead of the Ford The Ford got hot and wouldn't do no more It done got cloudy and started to rain  I tooted my horn for the passing lane The rainwater poured up under my motor hood  I knew that wern't doin' my motor good  Oh Maybellene, why can't you be true  Oh Maybellene, why can't you be true You've started back doin'  The things you used to do  Well now, the heat went down  And the motor cooled down And that's when I heard that highway sound Cadillac lookin' like a ton of lead  A hundred and ten, a half a mile ahead Cadillac lookin' like it's sittin' still  I caught Maybellene at the top of the hill  Oh Maybellene, why can't you be true  Oh Maybellene, why can't you be true You've started back doin'  The things you used to do  Oh Maybellene, why can't you be true  Oh Maybellene, why can't you be true You've started back doin'  The things you used to do|Country
georgejones|Two Story House|We always wanted a big two story house Back when we lived in that little two room shack We wanted fame and fortune And we'd live life the way the rich folks do We knew some how we'd make it,  Together me and you  With dreams and hopes of things to come We worked and never stopped Not much time for you and me We had to reach the top  We bought that big two story house And soon became the envy of the town With all our work behind us We'd finally settled down Now we live (yes we live) in a two story house  Whoa, what splendor But there's no love about I've got my story And I've got mine, too How sad it is, we now live, in a two story house  The house is filled with rare antiques There's marble on the floor Beauty all around us Like we've never seen before There's chandeliers in every room Imported silks and satin all about We filled the house with everything But somehow left love out  Now we live (yes we live) in a two story house Oh what splendor But there's no love about I've got my story And I've got mine, too How sad it is, we now live, in a two story house  How sad it is, we now live, in a two story house...|Country
georgejones|Yesterday's Wine|Miracles appear in the strangest of places Fancy me finding you here Last time I saw you was just out of Houston Let me sit down and buy you a beer  Your presence is welcome with me and my friend here For this is a hang-out of mine I come here quite often to listen to music And to taste yesterdays wine  Yesterdays wine Yesterdays wine Aging with time Like yesterdays wine  Yesterdays wine Yesterdays wine We're aging with time Like yesterdays wine  You give the appearance of one widely traveled Lord I bet you've seen things in your time Come sit down here with us and tell us your story If it's true you like yesterdays wine  Yesterdays wine Yesterdays wine We're aging with time Like yesterdays wine  Yesterdays wine Yesterdays wine We're aging with time Like yesterdays wine  We're aging with time Like yesterdays wine...|Country
georgejones|I Always Get Lucky With You|I've had good luck and bad luck And no luck, it's true But I always get lucky with you  I've been turned on and turned down When the bars close at two But I always get lucky with you  I've had two strikes against me Most all of the time And when it's down to just a phone call I'm minus a dime  There's been good days and bad days But when the day is through I always get lucky with you Oh, I always get lucky with you  I've had two strikes against me Most all of the time And when it's down to just a phone call I'm minus a dime  There's been good days and bad days But when the day is through I always get lucky with you Oh, I always get lucky with you  I always get lucky with you|Country
georgejones|Tennessee Whiskey|I used to spend my nights out in a bar room Liquor was the only love I've known But you rescued me from reaching  For the bottle And you brought me back from Being too far gone  You're as smooth as Tennessee whiskey You're as sweet as strawberry wine You're as warm as a glass of brandy And I stay stoned on your love all the time  I looked for love in all the same old places Found the bottom of the bottle always dry But when you poured out your heart I didn't waste it 'Cause there nothing like your love  To get me high  You're as smooth as Tennessee whiskey You're as sweet as strawberry wine You're as warm as a glass of brandy And I stay stoned on your love all the time I stay stoned on your love all the time|Country
georgejones|We Didn't See a Thing|Well I swear, I didn't see you with your wife's best girlfriend Drinkin' beer and a dancin' to that western swing And I didn't see you kiss her and leave that barroom with her No I didn't see you, and I didn't see you, and we didn't see a thing.  George, I know I didn't hear you  Tell that blound that you weren't married I know I didn't see you hidin' your weddin' ring, neither did I And I know I couldn't have heard you call your wife And tell her that you were working No, I didn't see you, and I didn't see you, and we didn't see a thing.  We've got to stick together to keep our stories straight No, don't forget Ray, I was down in Atlanta, sure you were And I was workin' late Yeah, you know, it's always good to see you George  It's good to see you too But I didn't see you, and I didn't see you, and we didn't see a thing.  Hey Ray, by the way, did you leave that hundred bucks you owe me I don't know what you're talkin' about George Well, I'm sure you recall our bet on last night's football game No, I don't, but you know, if I had seen you  I certainly would've paid ya. But I didn't see you, and I didn't see you, and we didn't see a thing.  We've got to stick together to keep our stories straight Don't forget I was down in Atlanta  And don't you forget I was working late. But I didn't see you ,and I didn't see you, and we didn't see a thing.  I didn't see you, and I didn't see you, And we didn't see a thing...|Country
georgejones|She's My Rock|Well, You tell me how she was when you once knew her How She played her games with many, many men And you tell me that you don't think I'd be with her If I could have known her back then Lord, You ask me why I don't pack up and leave her Now that I know about her wicked ways Well, I doubt that you could understand my thinking Oh, But listen close to what I have to say  <i>[Chorus:]</i> She's the rock that I lean on She's the sunshine of my day And, I don't care what you say about her Now, She took me in and made me everything I am today She's my rock and I ain't gonna throw her away!  I know she wasn't always what she is now Lord, She had to make mistakes like everybody else And don't you point you finger at nobody It's plain to see you ain't no saint yourself  <i>[Chorus:]</i> She's the rock that I lean on She's the sunshine of my day And, I don't care what you say about her Now, She took me in and made me everything I am today She's my rock and I ain't gonna throw her away  Yes, She's my rock and I ain't gonna throw her away  Yes, She's my rock and I ain't gonna throw her away...|Country
georgejones|Who's Gonna Fill Their Shoes|You know this old world is full of singers But just a few are chosen To tear your heart out when they sing Imagine life without them All your, radio heros Like the outlaw that walks through Jesse's dream  No, there will never be another Red-headed stranger A Man in Black and Folsom Prison Blues The Okie from Muskogee Or Hello Darling  Lord I wonder, who's gonna fill their shoes  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Who's gonna fill their shoes Who's gonna stand that tall Who's gonna play the Opry And the Wabash Cannonball Who's gonna give their heart and soul To get to me and you Lord I wonder, who's gonna fill their shoes  God bless the boys from Memphis Blue Suede Shoes and Elvis Much too soon he left this world in tears They tore up the Fifties Old Jerry Lee and Charlie And old Go Cat Go still echoes through the years  You know the heart of country music Still beats in Luke the Drifter You can tell when hew sings I Saw the Light Old Marty, Hank and Lefty Why I can feel them right here with me On this Silver Eagle rolling through the night  <i>[Chorus:]</i> Who's gonna fill their shoes Who's gonna stand that tall Who's gonna play the Opry And the Wabash Cannonball Who's gonna give their heart and soul To get to me and you Lord I wonder, who's gonna fill their shoes  Yes I wonder, who's gonna fill their shoes?..|Country
georgejones|Wine Colored Roses|Today I got a long letter From one who still cares for me She asked lots of questions Like would I call her sometime And was I gettin' back on my feet  She asked if I had quit drinkin' Like I promised her long ago The words wouldn't come When I called and she answered Oh, but I found a way to say no  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I sent her some wine colored roses The color of grapes on the vine When she sees the wine colored roses They'll tell her I'm still on the wine  The roses will say I still love her And their color will cause her to cry One dozen reasons to tell her I'm sorry And twelve pretty flowers don't lie  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I sent her some wine colored roses The color of grapes on the vine When she sees the wine colored roses They'll tell her I'm still on the wine  I sent her some wine colored roses...|Country
georgejones|I'm a One Woman Man|If you told me that you love me I would feel so proud If you'd let me hold you honey I'd holler out loud I'll never love another Even if I can Come to me baby I'm a one woman man  Won't you let me baby just a kind of hang around I'll always love you honey and I'll never let you down I'll never love another even if I can Well come to me baby I'm a one woman man  I'd climb the highest mountain If it reached a bigger sky To prove that I love you I'd jump off and fly I'd even swim the ocean From shore to shore To prove that I love you Just a little bit more  Won't you let me baby just a kind of hang around I'll always love you honey and I'll never let you down I'll never love another even if I can Well come to me baby I'm a one woman man  If you told me that you love me I would feel so proud If you'd let me hold you honey I'd holler out loud I'll never love another Even if I can Come to me baby I'm a one woman man  Won't you let me baby just a kind of hang around I'll always love honey and I'll never let you down I'll never love another even if I can Well come to me baby I'm a one woman man Come to me baby I'm a one woman man...|Country
georgejones|I'm Ragged but I'm Right|Well I've come here to tell you folks I'm ragged but I'm right I'm a tramp and a gambler I stay out late at night But a porterhouse steak steak three times a day for my board That's more than any loafer in this old town can afford Well I got big electric fan to keep me cool while I sleep A little baby boy playin' rounds at my feet I'm a rambler and a gambler and I've lead a dirty life Well I tell you folks I'm ragged but I'm right  Well then I got married I knew I'd settle down And I built a little love nest right here in my hometown Now I've got a family one that I'm proud of I know that I'll be happy cause they're the ones I love Well I got big electric fan... I tell you folks I'm ragged but I'm right  I'm a rambler and a gambler I've lead a dirty life Well I tell you folks I'm ragged but I'm right|Country
georgejones|Out of Control|What goes wrong with the mind of a man in a bar Who sits and keep drinking with his thoughts strayed so far? It's the same old sad story that has often been told One drink, then another, till he's out of control  As he sits at a table with his hands on the glass For him there's no future, there's only the past He reaches for the bottle but his hands don't take hold His eyes just can't focus, he's out of control  Does he search for contentment that he might hope to find From a honky tonk woman or the bottles of wine? He shakes and he trembles even though he's not old Like a leaf in a whirlwind, he's out of control  Yes, I'm just like that fellow who sits there all alone With no one to love me, no family at home I'm a picture of others with a future so cold A life ain't worth livin' when it's out of control|Country
georgejones|You're Still on My Mind|The jukebox is playing  A honky tonk song One more I keep saying  And then I'll go home  What good would it do me,  I know what I'll find An empty bottle of broken hearts  And you're still on my mind  The people are laughing  And having their fun While I sit here crying  Over what you have done  My pockets are empty,  My last drink of wine An empty bottle of broken hearts  And your still on my mind  Alone and forsaken,  So blue I could die I just sit here drinking  Till the bottle runs dry  To try and forget you  I turn to the wine An empty bottle of broken hearts  And your still on my mind...|Country
georgejones|A Girl I Used to Know|There's a picture that I carry, One we made some time ago If they ask who's in the picture with me, I say just a  girl, I used to know.  Just a girl, I used to go around with Just a friend, from long ago, I don't tell them how lost I am without her I say she's just a girl, I used to know.  I say, she's just another girl now Just a flame, that's lost it's glow And I say, her name has slipped my mind now, And she's just a girl, I used to know.  Just a girl, I used to spend some time with Just a friend, from long ago, I don't talk about the nights I cry about her I say she's  just a girl, I used to know.  Just a girl I used to know...|Country
georgejones|The Race Is On|I feel tears wellin' up cold and deep inside Like my heart's sprung a big break And the stab of loneliness, sharp and painful That I may never shake Now you might say that I was taking it hard Since you wrote me off with a call But don't you wager that I'll hide the sorrow When I may break right down and bawl  Now the race is on and here comes pride up the backstretch Heartaches are going to the inside My tears are holding back They're trying not to fall My heart's out of the running True love's scratched for another's sake The race is on and it looks like heartaches And the winner loses all  One day I had ventured in love, never once suspecting What the final results would be How I lived in fear of waking up each morning And finding that you'd gone from me There's aching and pain in my heart For the day was the one that I hated to face Somebody new came up to win her And I came out in second place  Now the race is on and here comes pride up the backstretch Heartaches are going to the inside My tears are holding back They're trying not to fall My heart's out of the running True love's scratched for another's sake The race is on and it looks like heartaches And the winner loses all|Country
georgejones|Take Me|Take me, take me to your darkest room Close every window and bolt every door The very first moment I heard your voice I'd be in darkness no more  Take me to your most barren desert A thousand miles from the nearest sea The very moment I saw your smile It would be like heaven to me  There's not any mountain to rugged to climb No desert too barren to cross Darlin', if you would just show a sign  Of love, I could bear any loss  Take me to Siberia And the coldest weather of the winter time And it would be just like spring in California As long as I knew you were mine  There's not any mountain to rugged to climb No desert too barren to cross Darlin', if you would just show a sign  Of love, I could bear any loss  Take me to Siberia And the coldest weather of the winter time And it would be just like spring in California As long as I knew you were mine...|Country
georgejones|We Loved It Away|All my friends told me, we'd never make it That love to you was just a game you played And I'll admit at times we had rough goin' But in each other's arms we loved it away  And I've been told, my love could never hold you To tie it down's a price you'd never pay And I'll admit there's times when you got restless But in each other's arms we loved it away  Step by step we walked the road together Hand in hand love grew more everyday When trouble came we held on to each other And in each other's arms we loved it away  And in each other's arms we loved it away...|Country
georgejones|I Just Don't Give a Damn|There are those who'd like to change the way I'm livin' It seems they just don't like me the way I am Tomorrow I may live the way they're thinkin' Oh, but tonight I just don't give a damn  I've done everythin' I can to make you happy But every word I spoke you always put me down Tomorrow my arms may ache and want to hold you Oh, but tonight I just don't give a damn  Tonight I just don't care what happens to you and me I wanted to get you on my side but you always disagreed If you should ever want to call me, I'll be on my side of town But don't call tonight 'cause I still don't give a damn  Oh, tomorrow mornin' I might wake up lonely Oh, but tonight I just don't give a damn|Country
georgejones|You've Still Got a Place in My Heart|If the one you'd think is true ever turns his back on you Baby you've still got a place in my heart If the years should make you cry darling give me one more try For you've still got a place in my heart  If I'm a fool to pray that you'll come back some day Then I'll know of million fools that love has made that way So darling don't forget I've been your fool since we first met And since you've still got a place in my heart  So darling don't forget I've been your fool since we first met Baby you've still got a place in my heart Darlin' you've still got a place in my heart|Country
georgejones|The Right Left Hand|I've cried a million tears,  Down through the years.  Searching for that special one.  And the vows I took before,  Where all forever more,  But no matter how I tried they came undone.  Then the good lord finally gave me  The true love of a lady,  Someone who believes in me.  And she lets me know each day,  That love is here to stay.  I finally found someone who'll never leave.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I put a golden band on the right left hand this time,  And the  right left hand put a golden band on mine.  When our hair is snowy white,  Time will prove I'm right.  I put a golden band on the right left hand this time.  I'll never have to reach  For the love that my heart needs,  She'll be close enough to touch.  And when the nights are long and cold,  She'll be there to hold,  All dressed up for one more night of love.  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I put a golden band on the right left hand this time,  And the right left hand put a golden band on mine.  When our hair is snowy white, Time will prove I'm right.  I put a golden band on the right left hand this time.  I put a golden band on the right left hand this time...|Country
georgejones|Night Life|When the evenin' sun goes down You will find me hangin' 'round The night life, it ain't no good life But it's my life  Many people just like me Dreamin' of old used-to-be's Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life Ah, but it's my life  Listen to the blues that they're playin' Listen what the blues are sayin'  Life is just another scene In this old world of broken dreams Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life But it's my life  Oh, the night life ain't no good life Oh, but it's my life  Listen to what the blues are saying  Life is just another scene From the world of broken dreams And the night life ain't no good life But its my life The night life ain't no good life But, it's my life|Country
georgejones|Here We Are|If you say that you've been searchin' for A place you've never been Aw, here it is, darlin', here it is And when you're down there at the bottom And you're lookin' out for a friend Here I am, darling, here I am We've both grown tired Of running after rainbows Here we are, darling, here we are  If it feels like you've been driftin' And you don't know where you've been Come on in, you can come on in And if all you've seen is back roads That leads you out of town Turn 'round, darling, turn 'round We've both grown tired Of running from each other Her we are, darling, here we are We've both grown tired Of running after rainbows Here we are, darling, here we are Here we are, here we are...|Country
georgejones|It Sure Was Good|We don't know what it was but we had it We don't where it went but we lost it And it may never come back again but I sure wish it would We don't know what it was but it sure was good  The first time I laid eyes on you I saw it Shining in your eyes was bright as day And when I held you in my arms I felt it Oh, but like a fool I let it slip away  We don't know what it was but we had it We don't where it went but we lost it Well, it may never come back again but I sure wish it would We don't know what it was but it sure was good  First time that we kissed I could taste it Sweet upon my lips like a song The moment we made love I knew we'd found it One day I woke up and it was gone  We don't know what it was but we had it We don't where it went but we lost it And it may never come back again I sure wish it would We don't know what it was but it sure was good  If you had one more chance would you take it? And would you stand beside me from now on? The second time around could we make it And would you be there with me, hold it on  We don't know what it was but we had it We don't where it went but we lost it And it may never come back again but I sure wish it would We don't know what it was but it sure was good No, we don't know what it was but it sure was good|Country
georgejones|I Gotta Get Drunk|Well I gotta get drunk And I sure do dread it Cause I know just what I'm gonna do I'll start to spend my money Call everybody honey And wind up singing the blues I'll spend my whole paycheck On some old wreck And brother I can name you a few But I gotta get drunk And I sure do dread it Cause I know just what I'm gonna do  I gotta get drunk I just can't stay sober There's a lot of good people in town Who'd like to hear me holler See me spend my dollars And I wouldn't think of lettin' 'em down There's a lot of doctors that tell me That I'd better start slowin' it down But there's more old drunkers Than there are old doctors So I guess we'd better have another round Well now I gotta get drunk  Well I gotta get drunk|Country
georgejones|Proud Mary|Well, I left a good job in the city  A workin' for the man every night and day And I never lost one minute of sleep While worryin' 'bout the way things might have been.  Big wheels keep on turnin'  Proud Mary keeps on burnin' I said rollin'  Rollin', rollin' on the river.  I cleaned a lot of plates in Memphis  Cropped a lot of cane down in New Orleans But I never saw the good side of the city  Till I hitched a ride on this river boat queen.  Big wheels keep on turnin'  Proud Mary keeps on burnin' I said rollin'  Rollin', rollin' on the river.  Well, if you come down to the river  Well, I bet you gonna find some people who live You don't have to worry if you have no money  People on the river are happy to give.  Big wheels keep on turnin'  Proud Mary keeps on burnin' I said rollin'  rollin', rollin' on the river.  I said rollin', Rollin', rollin' on the river. Rollin', rollin' on the river...|Country
georgejones|Stranger in the House|This never was one of the great romances But I thought you'd always have those young girl's eyes For now they look in tired and bitter glances At the ghost of a man walkin' 'round in my disguise  He gets the feeling that he should belong here But there's no welcome in the window anyway And he looks down for a number on his keychain 'Cause it feels more like a hotel everyday  There's a stranger in the house, nobody's seen his face Everybody says he's takin' my place There's a stranger in the house no one will ever see Everybody says he looks like me  And now you say you've got no expectations But I know you also miss those carefree days And for all the angry words that passed between them She still can't understand him when he says  There's a stranger in the house, nobody's seen his face But everybody says he's takin' my place There's a stranger in the house no one will ever see But everybody says he looks like me  He looks like me...|Country
georgejones|Will the Circle Be Unbroken|I was standin' by my window On one cold, and cloudy day When I saw that hearse come rollin' For to carry my mother away.  Will that circle be unbroken By and by, Lord, by and by There's a better home a-waitin' In the sky, Lord, in the sky.  I went back home, my home was lonely For my mother she was gone All my brothers set to cryin' For the home so sad and alone.  Undertaker, please undertaker, Undertaker, please drive slow For that body you are hauling Lord, I hates to see her go  Will that circle be unbroken By and by, Lord, by and by There's a better home a-waitin' In the sky, Lord, in the sky...|Country
georgejones|A Few Ole Country Boys|Not too many years ago  When dreams were coming true  I'd reach for inspiration Sometimes it would be you I'd hear you on the radio I sure did like your sound Say it's good to know there's still  A few ol' country boys around From the smoke it's hard to tell What's coming down the line  We heard you were a fast train Coming out of Caroline We wondered what you were haulin' When you rolled into to town Say it's good to know there's still  A few ol' country boys around You must have felt that same old feeling More than once or twice Guitars pressed against our hearts  Under the neon lights I've got to say that feeling is the best that I have found Lord it's good to know there's still  A few ol' country boys around There's a lot of truth you know  In our kind of songs About the life you're living  And how love's done you wrong As long as there's a jukebox  And a honky tonk in town It's good to know there's still  A few ol' country boys around It's good to know there's still  A few ol' country boys around|Country
georgejones|You Never Looked That Good When You Were Mine|Well I saw you today and I thought for a while I was dreaming.  You were the loveliest girl I'd seen in a long long time.  You introduced me to him and while we were talking  I just stood there thinking you never looked that good when you were mine.   It was all I could do to hide all the things I was feeling.  Lord just lookin' at you sent chills up and down my spine.  I wanted so much to reach and touch you but I just stood there dyin'.  You never looked that good when you were mine.  You know hunny, I've wondered so many times  if you still stayed out late the way we used to do.  With all of our old friends, the jukebox and all that wine.  Oh maybe you just stay at home lovin' one another  'Cause you never looked that good when you were mine.   Oh if I knew then what I know now we'd still be together.  'Cause you never looked that good when you were mine.|Country
georgejones|All I Want to Do in Life|You've been right and I've been wrong  I've been weak and you've been strong  You've been good and I've been bad And I think I've had enough of that   All I want to do in life  Is to love somebody with all of my might  All I want to do in life  Is to love somebody with all of my might   I love the days and you love the night  Oh I love to love and you love to fight  And when I talk to you you're far away  Aw it just gets harder everyday  All I want to do in life  Is to love somebody with all of my might  All I want to do in life  Is to love somebody with all of my might   I wish you were a friend of mine  And I wish you were with me all the time  You say I've dreamed my life away  Well honey if I do that'll be okay   All I want to do in life  Is to love somebody with all of my might  All I want to do in life  Is to love somebody with all of my might   All I want to do in life  Is to love somebody with all of my might  All I want to do in life  Is to love somebody with all of my might|Country
georgejones|You Can't Do Wrong and Get By|I remember my grandfather's counsel As he laid the leather to my hide He said there's just one rule in life, it always will apply You can't do wrong and get by  Now lessons tend to fade as we grow older And I found myself in jail at twenty five As I stood there by my lawyer The old judge looked me in the eye He said, "You can't do wrong and get by"  You can't do wrong and get by for very long Do wrong and all your troubles multiply You may not face them here But you'll face the man on high You can't do wrong and get by  Now once I had a wife and lovin' children But I gave into the pleasures of the night She used my grand dad's very words to say her last goodbye You can't do wrong and get by  You can't do wrong and get by for very long Do wrong and all your troubles multiply Oh, you may not face them here But you'll sure face the man on high You can't do wrong and get by, no, no You can't do wrong and get by|Country
georgejones|We Sure Make Good Love|We never will go down in history As the old American family The house needs painting and the ceiling leaks But you understand, I’m no handy man I won’t be  noted for my fine cuisine Unless you’re into burned bacon and beans Domestic life has never been my thing But we me and you, there’s one thing we can do  We sure make good love That’s more than enough It makes up for what we mess up We sure make good love  There was a time that I mended your pants They left you hanging by a thread at the dance No one can say this is a boring romance But you show up that work, in your pink undershirt Remember when I tried to fix the old car? (that’s right!) I blew the engine and it burned in the yard There was that day when I was mowing the grass I slung a big rock, and hit you in the……..back  We sure make good love That’s more than enough It makes up for what we mess up We sure make good love  We sure make good love That’s more than enough It makes up for what we mess up We sure make good love|Country
georgejones|Fiddle and Guitar Band|Hey, I've got a guitar, I've got a fiddle I'll sing the low part, I'll sing the middle Rosin up the bow and let's pick a little Got a fiddle and guitar band.  I like old songs, I like the new I like the glad songs, I like the blues Well, we'll play them and another note too With the fiddle and guitar band.  Standing on the sidewalk singin' up a storm You ain't seen <i>[?]</i> till the day you were born <i>[?]</i> Pickin' and a-grinnin' and a-carryin' on We're goin' to put you on a show.  He plays a music with a cajun beat We play it hot and you played it sweet First thing you know you'll be tappin' your feet To a little bit of do se do oh oh.  If you really want to make it shine Throw up a dollar or a quarter or a dime Everybody's gonna have a real good time With the fiddle and guitar band.  Standing on the sidewalk singin' up a storm You ain't seen <i>[?]</i> till the day you were born <i>[?]</i> Pickin' and a-grinnin' and a-carryin' on We're goin' to put you on a show.  He plays a music with a cajun beat We play it hot and you play it sweet The first thing you know you'll be tappin' your feet To a little bit of do se do oh oh.  If you really want to make it shine Just throw up a dollar or quarter or a dime Everybody's gonna have a real good time With the fiddle and guitar band.  Everybody's gonna have a real good time With the fiddle and guitar band Fiddle and guitar band Everybody's gonna have a real good time With the fiddle and guitar band.  A fiddle and guitar band, yeah|Country
georgejones|Love's Gonna Live Here|Oh, the sun's gonna shine in my life once more Love's gonna live here again Thing's are gonna be the way they were before Love's gonna live here again.  Love's gonna live here Love's gonna live here Love's gonna live here again. No more loneliness Only happiness Love's gonna live here again.  I hear bells a ringing I hear birds a singing Love's gonna live here again.  I hear bees a hummin' And I know the days are comin' Love's gonna live here again.  Love's gonna live here Love's gonna live here Love's gonna live here again.  No more loneliness Only happiness Love's gonna live here again.  Love's gonna live here Love's gonna live here Love's gonna live here again.  No more loneliness Only happiness Love's gonna live here again...|Country
georgejones|If I Could Bottle This Up|If I could bottle this up I'd make a million If I could tell everybody in town Of what I've been feeling  It's guaranteed to put a smile on your face A song in your heart after one little taste A man could make a million bucks If I could bottle this up  Oh, if I could take your kiss and twist it into liquid fall And mix it with the way I melt it in your arms Sprinkle little twinkle or two from your eyes And a dabble this fabulous feeling inside Folks would just eat it up if I could bottle this up  Ooh, if I could bottle this up I'd make a million If I could tell everybody around town What I've been feeling  Oh, it's guaranteed to put a smile on your face A song in your heart after one little taste Well, I could make a million bucks If I could bottle this up  I can see me now, people knocking down my door 'Til I could get it on the shelf of the local department store And I can see it now, going right to the top I bet it would sell to the very last drop Folks couldn't get enough if I could bottle this up  If we could bottle this up We'd make a million If we could tell everybody in town Of what we've been feeling  It's guaranteed to put a smile on your face A song in your heart after one little taste The world couldn't get enough You know they're just to eat it up And we could make a million bucks If we could bottle this up|Country
georgejones|If You Can Touch Her at All|Funny how a woman can come on so wild and free Yet insist I don't watch her undress or watch her watch me And stand by the bed and shiver as if she were cold And just to lie down beside me and touch me as if I were gold  One night of love don't make up for six nights alone I'd rather have one than none but I'm flesh and bone Though sometimes it seems she ain't worth the trouble at all She can be worth the world if somehow you can touch her at all  But right or wrong a woman can own any man She can take him inside her and hold his soul in her hand Then leave him as weary and weak as a wet newborn child Fightin' to get his first breath and open his eyes  One night of love don't make up for six nights alone But I'd rather have one than none as I'm flesh and bone Though sometimes it seems she ain't worth the trouble at all She can be worth the world if somehow you can touch her at all  One night of love don't make up for six nights alone Ohh, but I'd rather have one than none as I'm flesh and bone|Country
georgejones|All That We've Got Left|I once held that someone special, didn't have to let go I just stood back and watched my future pass And for the awful shape I am in, I can only blame myself It's no wonder that her love for me wasn't strong enough to last  Holding on for all its worth to all that we got left And for what its worth we've been less than easy on ourself If we could write a book they couldn't keep it on the shelf We're just trying to get it right with all that we've got left  I was there when the bar room opened I've been there at closing time There were things I couldn't handle by myself Then the right one picked me up and we left it all behind She said I am all she loving me and for me there's no one else  Holding on for all its worth to all that we got left And for what it's worth we've been less than easy on ourself If we could write a book they couldn't keep it on the shelf We're just trying to get it right with all that we've got left We're just trying to get it right with all that we've got left|Country
georgejones|Never Bit a Bullet Like This|I've been abused and used and skinned up and bruised And thrown from a moving train I've been homeless, car less,  Lost in the wilderness out in the pourin' rain I've been a business flop, Spent a year on top of the most unwanted list But I never bit a bullet like this.  I've taken many a fall and I got through 'em all But I've never been hurt this bad You're making plans with a brand new man And the pain is driving me mad I've had to bite the bullet when things got tough But the sea of love has never been this rough And I've never been this far from shore I never bit a bullet like this before I never bit a bullet like this.  I've been tied up, fried up, choked up and dried up Under a lot of stress I've been burned down, turned down, been run out of town Up to my ears in a mess I had a year go by with tears in my eyes I didn't even want to exist But I never bit a bullet like this.  I've taken many a fall and I got through 'em all But I've never been hurt this bad You're making plans with a brand new man And the pain is driving me mad I've had to bite the bullet when things got tough But the sea of love has never been this rough And I've never been this far from shore I never bit a bullet like this before I never bit a bullet like this.  I never bit a bullet like this. I never bit a bullet like this...|Country
georgejones|I've Been There|By the time I noticed her she was smilin' at me From where I stood the mutual attraction was easy to see Ten beers and twenty passes later the bar tender said it was time to go I was outta money, she stood and said honey I'm a-going home on my own.  Oh, I've been there, listen buddy, I've been there I been there when I thought I was livin' a dream and woke up in a real night mare Yessum, I've been there, let me tell you I've been there Anywhere a woman can leave you, man, I've been there.  My baby said honey you need a break Why don't you take a little fishin' trip I loaded my my old truck and as I drove away She waved and kinda blew me a little kiss A couple days later when I got home Was nothing left but a note on the door It said I had to leave you I need a man who'll stay home a little more.  Let me tell you, I've been there, hey buddy, I've been there I've been there when I thought I was livin' a dream and woke up in a real night mare Oh, I've been there, I'm here to tell you, I've been there 'Bout anywhere a woman can leave you, man, I've been there.  'Bout anywhere a woman can leave you, son, I've been there  Oh, I've been there. I've been there too, son, let me tell ya, I know what it's all about.|Country
georgejones|I Don't Need Your Rockin' Chair|<i>[Chorus:]</i> I don't need your rockin' chair Your Geritol or your Medicare Well I still got Neon in my veins This grey hair don't mean a thing I do my rockin' on the stage You can't put this possum in a cage My body's old but it ain't impaired Well I don't need your rockin' chair  I ain't ready for the junkyard yet Cause I still feel like a new corvette It might take a little longer but I'll get there Well I don't need your rockin' chair  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I don't need your rockin' chair Your Geritol or your Medicare Well I still got Neon in my veins This grey hair don't mean a thing I do my rockin' on the stage You can't put this possum in a cage My body's old but it ain't impaired Well I don't need this rockin' chair  Retirement don't fit in my plans You can keep your seat I'm a gonna stand An Eskimo needs a Fridgedaire Like I need your rockin' chair  <i>[Chorus:]</i> I don't need your rockin' chair Your Geritol or your Medicare Well I still got Neon in my veins This grey hair don't mean a thing I do my rockin' on the stage You can't put this possum in a cage My body's old but it ain't impaired Well I don't need your rockin' chair  My body's old but it ain't impaired Well I don't need your rockin' chair... Uh Huh...|Country
georgejones|Walls Can Fall|I once stood in the darkness  I couldn't see a light Backed up against the wall  I built around my life  I'd run out of reasons  To ever love again But somehow you found a door  And you came waltzing in  Walls can fall, storms can end Skys can clear, hearts can mend All it took was your sweet love  To rise above it all You can build 'em strong and tall,  But walls can fall  Here we stand together  With stones enough to build A bridge into forever  Beyond the highest hill The past will fade behind us  If we let the future shine Not a thing can come between us  If we always keep in mind, that  Walls can fall, storms can end Skys can clear, hearts can mend All it took was your sweet love  To rise above it all You can build 'em strong and tall,  But walls can fall  You can build 'em strong and tall  But walls can fall...|Country
georgejones|Don't Send Me No Angels|When the storm clouds gather and I'm losing my way She stands right beside me, she lights up my day She's the one thing I found right in a world that's gone wrong She's the words and the music to the world's finest song  Lord, let me keep her at least for a while I promise I'll love her 'till I've walked my last mile When your trumpets are sounding and you're playing my song Don't send me no angels 'cause I've got my own  She stayed with me through the hard times that's still goin' on That old feeling between us, it's still coming on strong When my eyes close forever and my last breath is gone Don't send me no angels 'cause I've got my own  Lord, let me keep her at least for a while I promise I'll love her 'till I've walked my last mile When your trumpets are sounding and you're playing my song Don't send me no angels 'cause I've got my own Don't send me no angels 'cause I've got my own|Country
georgejones|Drive Me to Drink|Tonight do me a favor On your way to do me wrong Drop me at a honky tonk Don't leave me here alone I washed and waxed the car today I even filled the tank If you're gonna drive me crazy Drive me to drink  All the mothers and your lovers Will be happy I suppose You'll be in his arms again And I'll be off the road The highway will be safer And they'll have you to thank If you're gonna drive me crazy, baby Drive me to drink  You're in the driver's seat It's all up to you I'll be your dedicated man Or your designated fool But if you're hell-bent And bound to bolt I can't change the way you think If you're gonna drive me crazy, baby Drive me to drink  You're in the driver's seat It's all up to you I'll be your dedicated man Or your designated fool But if you're hell-bent And bound to bolt I can't change the way you think If you're gonna drive me crazy, baby Drive me to drink  But if you're gonna drive me crazy, baby Drive me to drink...|Country
georgejones|What Am I Doing There|I no longer know what's real anymore In the back of my mind I have opened the door That leads to the past and the love we once shared I keep asking myself what am I doing there  What am I doing there holding you tight Taking down your hair lying close by your side Making believe that you still care My new life is here what am I doing there  I don't get much rest with the secret I keep And I'm afraid that some night oh, I'll talk in my sleep How could I explain to the one lying here She's loving me now what am I doing there  What am I doing there holding you tight Taking down your hair lying close by your side Making believe that you still care My new life is here what am I doing there  My new life is here what am I doing there...|Country
georgejones|Wrong's What I Do Best|Some men look for diamonds Some men look for gold I'm just trying to find myself Before I get too old Different people have their ways Of measuring success Maybe it's not the right way But wrong's what I do best  Well I walk the straight and narrow Straight to where I don't belong One time I even tried to love one woman But that didn't last too long If my ship is docking in the east You can bet I'd be heading west Right in the wrong direction 'Cause wrong's what I do best  When I'm down and out And can't get up  I feel right at home When I got the blues And it's all bad news That's when I'm in my comfort zone  But, If they held a loser's playoff There'd be no contest 'Cause I've had lots of practice And wrong's what I do best  If my ship is docking in the east You can bet I'd be heading west I'm right in the wrong direction 'Cause wrong's what I do best  Right in the wrong direction 'Cause wrong's what I do best...|Country
georgejones|There's the Door|I wandered in around midnight  Like I've done so many times She was sittin' at the table  There were no tears in her eyes It seemed so much unlike her  To be so much at ease She took a sip of coffee  And softly said to me  "There's the mantle where  We keep our wedding picture There's the bedroom where  We make both love and war And there's the ring that keeps  On slipping off your finger There's no reason we should go on  Anymore and there's the door"  So I'm back here on this bar stool,  My whole world gone to hel Behind the bottles there's a mirror  Where a fool can see himself If I was the man I should be  And not the one I am I would go back there this minute  And beg for one more chance  There's the jukebox  Where I wasted all those quarters Oh, there's a lady trying to  Get me out on the floor And there's a chance the one I love  Would still forgive me It's a step that I just never took before  There's the door  There's the door...|Country
georgejones|You Must Have Walked Across My Mind Again|I woke up downtown in jail again this morning' They say that I went crazy with the booze Then they hit me one more time for no reason But they can't hurt me, not half as much as you  You must have walked across my mind again I don't recall what I've done or where I've been I was holding my own, then everything went wrong You must have walked across my mind again  That old jukebox won't be playing my favorite song no more The bottle that I through knocked out it's lights They say I damaged everything I put my hands upon And one man might not make it through the night  You must have walked across my mind again I don't recall what I've done or where I've been I was holding my own, then everything went wrong You must have walked across my mind again  You must have walked across my mind again...|Country
georgejones|The Bottle Let Me Down|Tonight the bottle let me down, And left your memory come around; The one true friend I thought I'd found, Tonight the bottle let me down.  Each night I leave the bar room when it's over, Not feeling any pain at closing time; But tonight your memory found me much too sober, I couldn't drink enough to keep you off my mind.  Tonight the bottle let me down, And left your memory come around; The one true friend I thought I'd found, Tonight the bottle let me down.  I've always had a bottle I could turn to, And lately I've been turnin' every day; But the wine don't take effect the way it used to, And I'm hurtin' in an old familiar ways.  Tonight the bottle let me down, And left your memory come around; The one true friend I thought I'd found, Tonight the bottle let me down.  Tonight the bottle let me down...|Country
georgejones|Finally Friday|I got a hundred dollars smokin' in my billfold I know I oughta save it but it's burnin' a hole Right through my pocket and into my skin Come Monday morning I'll be broke again.  It's finally Friday I'm free again I got my motor running for a wild weekend It's finally Friday I'm outa' control Forget the workin' blues And let the good times roll.  I got a little sugar baby down the road She's sittin' on a radio and rockin' on roll We'll dance up a storm and later all night We'll be workin' on doin' all the wrong things right.  It's finally Friday I'm free again I got my motor running for a wild weekend It's finally Friday I'm outa' control Forget the workin' blues And let the good times roll.  Monday, I'll be hurtin with my head in a vice Tuesday, I'll be wonderin' if I'll ever survive Wednesday and Thursday, I'll be slowly tunin' in Friday, I'll be revin' up my motor again.  It's finally Friday I'm free again I got my motor running for a wild weekend It's finally Friday I'm outa' control Forget the workin' blues And let the good times roll.  It's finally Friday I got my motor running for a wild weekend It's finally Friday Forget the workin' blues And let the good times roll...|Country
